Title: What we hate about Obama...
Posted by MKIced
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/What_we_hate_about_Obama

Comments:

The more the state does for the citizens, the more government
bureaucracies are required to do the task and the more money the
citizens need to pay in taxes in order to support such bureaucracies.
These bureaucracies are not efficient and they are normally designed
to help a specific group in society and sometimes ends up hurting
another group. Obama is not reducing the size of government
bureaucracies. Forget about eliminating them. And that's what I hate
about all presidents.
[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-06-17T08:33:20+00:00 - Side: doesn't reduce the size of bureaucracies]

	Yes it's inefficient, but there are some problems that only
	government can address. For example: global warming, medical care and
	education for the poor, national defense, law enforcement, social
	security, etc. How would you solve these problems? Pixie dust? Ignore
	them and hope that go away? Most small government "solutions" involve
	a combination of both.
	[Posted by jessald at 2009-06-17T11:24:36+00:00 - Side: doesn't reduce the size of bureaucracies]

		I kind of like the pixie dust solution. I've always been intrigued by
		magic. :)
		[Posted by MKIced at 2009-06-17T11:27:32+00:00 - Side: doesn't reduce the size of bureaucracies]

		Global warming....please its still a myth. The globe is always
		warming and cooling and there is NO positive proof that we are doing
		it harm. The amount of money and control they want us to throw at it
		is just plain irresponsible. (ducking my head from all the greenies
		throwing insults my way) While it is obvious that there are some who
		do not have adequate health care who ever said it should be free? Why
		must we continue to make those that do have health care give up what
		they have so all of us can have less health care? The founders by and
		large were strictly against the Federal Government being involved in
		charity. The poor already have access to education. They just have to
		WANT it enough to go get it. My wife was not born with a silver spoon
		in her mouth. She worked two part time jobs, and joined the Army
		Reserve to pay for her education. Took her 5 years to graduate but I
		dint ever recall he asking for a freebie. She got her degree and owed
		NO money when she was finished. People will only respect what they
		have earned. It goes without saying that National Defense MUST be a
		top priority. Peace comes from strength. It is actually one of the few
		things that the Constitution specifically assigns to the Federal
		Government. Law enforcement is a LOCAL issue. Deal with it there. We
		should all ck out the 10th Amendment "The powers not delegated to the
		United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
		are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." Social
		Security has never been social nor secure. The system was doomed to
		fail the moment the government decided to pay benefits to people who
		never paid in one dime. It is only a matter of time before the system
		collapses.
		[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-06-17T21:51:27+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			Global warming....please its still a myth...
			http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/ world/article516033.ece Find a
			source not funded by big energy, or right talking heads not funded by
			big energy, that backs up this silly statement. At this point it's
			akin to arguing evolution is still a myth, and you don't have to be a
			"greenie," to see that. Why must we continue to make those that do
			have health care give up what they have so all of us can have less
			health care? Every plan proposed has stated very clearly that one
			would not have to give up what they have if they don't want to...
			what's so hard to understand about that? You do realize that the U.S.
			pays more per capita than any country in the world, and in spite of
			that here's the rankings link You'll notice we are behind several 3rd
			world countries. And you'll also notice that almost every country with
			better health care than us, who incidently also pay less per person,
			has Universal Healthcare. The poor already have access to education.
			They just have to WANT it enough to go get it Are you saying poor
			people don't want an education? Or that poor people are dumb? I don't
			get your point. The point you were responding to was simply that
			government gaurantees education up to the 12th grade. Are you saying
			they shouldn't? Here are the top 5 education systems in order: Finland
			China UK Japan US All of whose governments guarantee education for
			everyone including the poor. Of course you have wonderful samples
			where government does not provide this service, Rwanda, Zimbabwe,
			Ivory Coast, wow, that must be great to not have the government all up
			in there business huh? Peace comes from strength. Yeah, because you
			know how Switzerland is all not peaceful and junk. Anyway, there's a
			difference between national defense, and running around the world
			starting wars with random dictators that have nothing to do with us.
			Outside of that I would agree with you if only I did not have the
			sneaking suspicion you've never heard the addage "walk softly and
			carry a big stick." Law enforcement is a LOCAL issue. Deal with it
			there. We should all ck out the 10th Amendment "The powers not
			delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by
			it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
			people." Ignoring that the 10th Amendment in no way takes away any
			right of the national government to enforce the law, are you saying we
			should do away with the FBI, CIA, DOD, etc? You have some very odd
			ideas that you do not back up with any alternate solutions, do you
			know that? Social Security has never been social nor secure. Actually
			it's extraordinarily secure, checks come on time and for the right
			amount like every single month, I wish a third of my clients were half
			as "secure." Next, every person who receives SS also paid into it,
			it's part of everyone's taxes. Finally, without SS, what do you
			suggest we do with all the people who are too old to support
			themselves? Throw them on the streets? What's wrong with supporting
			people who contributed to our society their entire lives in a humane
			way?
			[Posted by iamdavidh at 2009-06-17T22:44:11+00:00 - Side: nothing]

				Sweet! A real cut and paste kind of a guy! I like you already!
				"...Find a source not funded by big energy, or right talking heads not
				funded by big energy" Who do you think funds your source? Think they
				may be supported by organizations that have something to gain?
				Hmmmmmmmm? "....At this point it's akin to arguing evolution is still
				a myth," Certainly Evolution is not a myth...its not a fact
				either...its a theory. If you disagree with that statement prove to me
				that evolution is fact. I have time. "...Every plan proposed has
				stated very clearly that one would not have to give up what they have
				if they don't want to... what's so hard to understand about that?
				Actually they do not state it plainly in the Bills they state it
				verbally. Huge difference. Also whats hard to understand is why so
				many people actually believe anything that the government says. Do you
				honestly believe that they will hold to that? I envy your trust I
				really do. But after having been lied to for years now and doing my
				own research...you know that kind that isn't funded by others....I
				have not found one reason to believe them. Lets use SS. Promise: You
				SS numbers will never be used as identity cards....yeahhh. Right.
				Promise: You and your employer will pay in and ONLY you will get back
				what was paid into the account in your name. You will NOT have to fund
				others Strike two! Promise: Your funds will be sacred ( not used for
				other programs) oops! Actually there are too many to count on SS
				alone! Feel free to ck man. "...Are you saying poor people don't want
				an education? Or that poor people are dumb?" Are you trying to put
				words in my mouth? I said exactly what I meant, no need for you to
				interpret. Want to hear some really right wing stuff? Education does
				not start in school....it does not end in school. It begins after
				school when you have to face the world, not a professor. Oh and by the
				way on Public Education 1-12? The real problem is not government
				funding in my opinion...its Unions wasting the funding that is
				available. Another socialistic organization but thats another debate
				isnt it. "...Yeah, because you know how Switzerland is all not
				peaceful and junk" Wow got me there. We all know what a hero nation
				Switzerland is. Especially with the NAZI's! "...Ignoring that the 10th
				Amendment in no way takes away any right of the national government to
				enforce the law, " Now see here you just plain missed MY point and to
				be honest, I had to go back into the thread to see what I was talking
				about here! My argument came from my "opinion" that the federal
				government should be limited and that there are parts of our lives
				they have no business interfering in. The 10th was supposed to
				guarantee that. "...You have some very odd ideas that you do not back
				up with any alternate solutions, do you know that?" My ideas sound
				"odd" to you because you and I are on absolute opposite sides of the
				political spectrum...did you know that? How crazy do you think YOU
				sound to me? :_) But hey I still like you bunches! Ain't it great to
				live in a society where we can disagree? At least for now?
				"...Actually it's extraordinarily secure, checks come on time and for
				the right amount like every single month, I wish a third of my clients
				were half as "secure." I wish ALL your clients were secure but the
				truth is there is NO security without opportunity. Free market...not
				government handouts, are the answer. Hey man its as easy to print
				checks as it is money...get my drift? Remember a day a loooonnnngggg
				time ago ...you know like last year, when the housing market was
				great. Money flowed like wine, values alway going up, a man just cold
				not lose! Secure ...right? Funny how things that big have a way of
				hiding until its too late for those who refuse to see. There is NO
				security in SS. Its in the RED. Its off the books. It has more people
				drawing than paying. Thats how Ponzi schemes fail. Are you aware that
				the Baby Boomer gen is the first in US history that had fewer children
				than their parents did and they are about to retire in WAVES? You and
				I can argue this all day. Time will tell! "...Finally, without SS,
				what do you suggest we do with all the people who are too old to
				support themselves? Throw them on the streets? What's wrong with
				supporting people who contributed to our society their entire lives in
				a humane way? This will SHOCK you...I agree! I just dont believe that
				is the government responsibility or business to do this...its ours!
				How about we take responsibly for our own lives instead of having it
				crammed down our throat! I know much more what my parents...who by the
				way lives with me and my wife and are totally supported by us...needs
				well moire than the government does. I believe that anytime people
				become dependent on the government, it corrupts both the people and
				the government. One ends up "controlling" the other and that is just
				plain wrong. This is how slaves are made.
				[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T20:11:34+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

				I put this in a seperate message because my first response was WAY
				TOO LONG!!!!! :_) I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed your
				respones to my original message. It invigorated me. Hence the gale
				force wind I blew! I enjoyed it so much I am going to vote you up just
				for you effort alone! Have a great day.
				[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T20:14:06+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

Personally, I don't like that he seems greedy. The stimulus bill for
cripes sake, was ginormous. And I'm pretty appalled that the last goal
in the Governments minds is to get this country out of damn debt. It's
serious bad role modeling.
[Posted by Nichole at 2009-06-17T13:00:51+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

	Yeah. He pocketed all that money (sarcasm). That is not the last goal
	in Government. He already has a strict plan to repay that debt.... Or
	would you prefer we let the situation escalate to a depression before
	we do anything about our economy?
	[Posted by Pineapple at 2009-06-17T16:35:13+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

		Progressives interfered with the economy by passing destructive
		policies back in the thirties that turned A depression into THE GREAT
		depression...which by the way kept over 20% of the people in the US
		out of work for years? Even FDR admitted that it was NOT the New Deal
		that "repaired" the economy...it was , in his opinion, the war.
		Wouldnt it make sense that if politicians actually knew anything about
		economies then wouldn't that be the end of depressions?
		[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T20:32:51+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			Obama doesn't know everything about he economy, but he knows a lot.
			He also has advisors, including the man who should be the head of the
			federal reserve, helping to aid him in policy making. You can't condem
			an entire ideal based on mistakes made 80 years ago. What you can do,
			is learn from those mistakes, and apply new ideas and logic to new
			problems .
			[Posted by Pineapple at 2009-11-07T00:00:26+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

				Maybe we shouldn't but then history tends to be the best teacher.
				Question: Is it fair to say that policies = strategy as ideas =
				principles? Looking forward to your response.
				[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-09T13:20:43+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

	Keynesian economics is a tried and tested method of fighting against
	a recession. They're taking a short term hit to get the country out of
	recession and have a much better chance of paying back that debt.
	Without a massive injection of public funding, recession will become
	depression and you'll find your country being in a much worse position
	then it currently is. Greed has absolutely nothing to do with.
	[Posted by xaeon at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Is Wiki really a valid place to get info considering that it is
		created on opinion as much as it is fact? There are as many legitimate
		arguments against Keynesian economics as there is for.
		[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T20:35:32+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

	In a recession that really should be the last goal. Cutting spending
	during a recession will deepen it
	[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-06-17T21:00:37+00:00 - Side: nothing]

		"...In a recession that really should be the last goal. Cutting
		spending during a recession will deepen it" but isnt that only true
		when that economy is based on spending instead of producing? Compare
		the USA economy just before WW1 and China's current economy. The
		similarities are down right scary!
		[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T20:38:14+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

Let see, we have: Federal control of ALL water, surrounding land,
activities, (US Senate Bill 787 called the Clean Water Restoration
Act) Federal control of ALL food, (HR 2749) Federal control of ALL
electronic Communications, (Senate bills No. 773 and 778 both part of
what's being called the Cybersecurity Act of 2009) Federal control of
ALL media, (Fairness Doctrine, others) Federal control of weapons (the
Blair Holt bill, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous
Terrorists Act of 2009) Multiple cases of attempting to classify
dissent as terrorism or extremism (DoD training, DHS memo, Missouri
State Police memo)
[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-06-18T14:21:24+00:00 - Side: loss of liberties]

He's as close to a socialist as it gets -Joe Lieberman
[Posted by republican at 2009-07-28T12:32:22+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

The one thing I ahte about him is that he has taken over GM and then
put a man in charge that knows nothing about cars. That is just one
thing. Did I mention that he is a socialist?
[Posted by Tugman at 2009-06-17T00:53:28+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

	I keep hearing "he's a socialist." How is he a socialist? He's as
	socialist as Canada, tops.
	[Posted by Pineapple at 2009-06-17T04:04:02+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

		One of the major problems here is that many of the people who throw
		the label of socialist around don't actually understand what socialism
		is, and instead of making up their own minds about his position on a
		certain political ideology, they simply repeat tried and tested
		conservative rhetoric. People forget that the society we have now is
		heavily influenced by socialist as well as capitalist ideology.
		[Posted by xaeon at 2009-06-17T07:17:33+00:00 - Side: nothing]

			Amen. Thank you. I'm just so tired of republicans saying that and
			running. I wanted to hold Tugman accountable.
			[Posted by Pineapple at 2009-06-17T10:21:50+00:00 - Side: nothing]

			It's not rhetoric there has always been a pull for more government or
			less and because we are a democracy we are able to keep the balance of
			Socialism and Capitalism. In order to survive Socialism needs
			Capitalism but Capitalism doesn't need Socialism. a political theory
			advocating state ownership of industry an economic system based on
			state ownership of capital I just gave you the actual definition of
			Socialism. Now just plug in the companies and industries. GMC, Cap and
			Trade all none green technology, the banks, Health Care, Railroads,
			Social Security. It's a lot of industry that is or was once private
			but now is or becoming state owned and a lot of it in a quick time.
			That is Socialism.
			[Posted by jtopolnak at 2009-11-06T23:31:26+00:00 - Side: nothing]

		Well where should we start? Take from haves and give to have nots
		(spread the wealth..sound familiar? "..from each his ability. To each
		their need?) Control of salaries. Cancel contracts. ACORN (nuff said)
		Nationalization of Industry and Banks 16 Czars (The removal of over-
		site by Congress. Anyone here ever here of checks and balances?) I
		know that past Presidents have done some of the same, I don't argue
		that...that makes them no better so don't bother with that argument.
		They were wrong as well and just as guilty. Its the scale and scope of
		what he is doing that is so troubling. In 100 days he has, with the
		help of Congress, run up more debt than all the previous Presidents
		COMBINED!! Thats over 200 years of Presidents people. We could go on
		for ever here but I think that this is enough to at least make a small
		point. There is no doubt that Obama is a Socialist at heart,
		regardless of how bad we in the United States would like to think that
		we would never go that way here. BTW He is not the 1st Socialist
		elected here in the States...just the latest.
		[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-06-17T08:30:34+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			He's doing what needs to be done to fix the country. People are
			suffering in this country, and he understands that he can't just let
			that happen. That doesn't sound like a socialist to me, that sounds
			like a hero.
			[Posted by Pineapple at 2009-06-17T10:19:02+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

				A hero saves people with his OWN resources. A socialist steals it
				from others resources.
				[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T18:40:00+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

					So like, if a cop shoots a guy whose about to kill someone, he's not
					a hero because the government provided his gun? Damn socialist cops,
					thanks for clearing that up wiz.
					[Posted by iamdavidh at 2009-11-06T19:59:33+00:00 - Side: nothing]

						You know what? I take back all the good things I said about you.
						Sarcasm and name calling...not helpful, and most certainly unbecoming
						of you. Now! To your argument...it almost made sense to me until I
						remembered that its NOT THE GOVERNMENTS MONEY! The Government did not
						provide the gun...the PEOPLE did. And in your example, the PEOPLE
						provide that willingly as it is almost universally recognized that
						there is a need for police. HOWEVER its obviously not universally
						recognized by the PEOPLE that we should surrender even more of our
						property to provide for others in a way we are disagree with and
						against our will. This is witnessed by the huge resistance to the
						Lefts socialistic ways. AGAINST OUR WILL is the operative phrase here.
						I am glad to help others in my own way, for my own reasons, and
						according to my assets. But to be FORCED to support others in a way I
						fervently disagree with and believe is actually HARMFUL to the ones
						supposedly being helped, is wrong. You will be glad to know that based
						on your "comments" I have looked at the thread again I realized that I
						did not really make my argument correctly. So I am going to add this
						addendum. It should have read....A hero saves people by leading the
						"land" in a common goal. A socialist forces it from the "land" against
						its will. There is no way to argue that the "land" is NOT in agreement
						on these issues.
						[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T21:00:23+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

Nothing really well I'm from Aus so i don't really get the news about
obama but from what i have heard it sounds like he is a good prime-
inister and a good person.
[Posted by DeanN at 2009-06-17T02:28:52+00:00 - Side: nothing]

	That is not true. He is turning the US into a socialist state as well
	as ruining it for the future generations who will be paying for the
	trillion dollars he is using to help the economy that needs less taxes
	and less government intervention.
	[Posted by Tugman at 2009-06-17T23:50:53+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

	As is with everything sir it depends where you get your info!
	[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-09T13:27:20+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

I am not a big fan of any change that he is trying to make in our
healthcare system. For as long as I could remember, I've found human
anatomy and physiology to be the most interesting topics out there and
I love almost everything biology. I loved them all so much that my
plan for life was to go into medicine and hopefully become a doctor.
The problem is that medical school and 4 years of undergrad college
would easily run me upwards of $300,000 in student loans! I've always
seen this as worth it because doctors are supposed to make a lot of
money, which would pay this off and help them to raise families, etc.
Note: I am not a very greedy person. But his healthcare reforms would
make being a doctor out of the question! His reforms would require
that all patients be seen, even if they don't have insurance. The
patients without insurance would thus cause physicians to take a hit
because who else would pay for that? This would mean that doctors
would have to deal with so many patients that they are not even
getting paid for. I see this as a waste of time, no offense, because
being a physician and going to college for 8 difficult years means
this man or woman deserves to get paid. So in a sense, Obama's
policies have caused me to think twice about my life choices and
reevaluate my dream. I think any president that does this to me, in
reference to any dreams I have, is a bad president by my book. Say
what you will about loving him, but I just can't stand him.
[Posted by MKIced at 2009-06-17T06:56:20+00:00 - Side: healthcare reform]

	The fact that you're against universal healthcare because you want to
	make lots of money as a doctor is quite possibly the most selfish
	thing I've ever heard, not to mention totally and utterly wrong. NHS
	doctors in the UK (a socialist healthcare system which is ranked 19
	places above the US healthcare system [ source ]) are some of the most
	well paid people in the country, earning an average wage of £110,000
	($180,000) per year [ source ], with senior consultants being able to
	earn £180,000 ($290,000) [ source ]. So, essentially, the whole
	premise of the argument made here is false. But, you know, don't let
	facts get in the way of your unsubstantiated two minute hate. "His
	reforms would require that all patients be seen, even if they don't
	have insurance. The patients without insurance would thus cause
	physicians to take a hit because who else would pay for that?" Uhm,
	the state would pay. That's the whole point.
	[Posted by xaeon at 2009-06-17T07:13:58+00:00 - Side: nothing]

		And who do you think "the State" is? The "State" is comprised of the
		Citizens of the United States. Government has no ability to pay
		anything that it does not first TAKE from the Citizens as it is a
		completely non productive entity. All purchases made by the "State"
		are third party in nature. That is they are purchases made with money
		that does not belong to them on items and services they will not use
		and therefore very inefficient.
		[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-06-17T08:12:29+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			What's your point? I was simply arguing against the fact that
			physicians won't be paid for treating patients under a socialist
			healthcare system, which is obviously false. Please refer to the
			sources supplied to back that up. Regardless of whether the money is
			paid indrectly through the state, or directly through healthcare
			insurance, the physicians will still be paid extremely well for their
			treatment. Please read what people are saying before entering into an
			irrelevant tyraid.
			[Posted by xaeon at 2009-06-17T08:28:35+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

				Ouch! Testy? As a matter of fact I did read it. I was not agreeing or
				disagreeing with you. My point was that saying the State would pay is
				a euphimisim. Its designed to deceive people into thinking that its
				not the PEOPLE who will pay...its the "STATE". Thats all. Have a great
				day! STATE MONEY = OUR MONEY
				[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T18:45:13+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

		You clearly misread the argument. I want to become a doctor to save
		lives but I also realize that I need money to live a comfortable life.
		I will NOT go to college for 8 years and rack up $300,000+ in student
		loans to give out free medicine. If I become a doctor I need the money
		to pay off loans and to raise the family I hope to have. So don't give
		me that sh*t.
		[Posted by MKIced at 2009-06-17T07:39:13+00:00 - Side: healthcare reform]

			It is clearly you who is misreading the argument. I showed evidence
			to refute your claim that, as a doctor, you would paid less under a
			socialist healthcare system. One of my sources showed that a
			consultant physician under a socalist UK healthcare system can earn
			almost $300,000 in a single year. Your argument that a socialist
			healthcare system will cause doctors to be paid less is, therefore,
			shown to be false. Feel free to show some evidence to back up your
			claim that you would be paid less, but I doubt you can.
			[Posted by xaeon at 2009-06-17T08:24:26+00:00 - Side: healthcare reform]

				Well obviously I can't show evidence of something that has not
				happened yet. You're referring to England, but we don't know what will
				happen in America. I live very close to a poor community full of
				immigrants without insurance or any money. I'm sure, if there is
				universal health care, that any doctor near them will be swamped with
				low income cases and will not be making as much money as he or she
				should.
				[Posted by MKIced at 2009-06-17T11:00:39+00:00 - Side: healthcare reform]

					You're clearly confused. A hospital will charge the same and the
					doctor will be paid the same amount whether the patient has insurance
					or is being treated under socialised healthcare. The only difference
					is who pays the fee; the insurer or the state.
					[Posted by xaeon at 2009-06-17T11:09:17+00:00 - Side: healthcare reform]

						But if it's funded by the government, the money might not always be
						there. There are always shortages, but at least with independent
						insurers, there are multiple companies so not all insurance companies
						will be in a shortage at once. Governments eventually feel the burden
						of this universal health care and some of them even try to head a
						little bit away from it to relieve some of the stress that is caused
						from it being so expensive to maintain. Besides this, universal health
						care has problems of its own, even in a world with limitless expense.
						Many countries have problems with transplants, like in Sweden, where
						somebody could wait as long as 25 weeks for a heart surgery, even a
						fatal case, and up to a year for a hip replacement. Many of these
						patients die before receiving the medical attention they need.
						[Posted by MKIced at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							It's clear you are determined to be against Universal Healthcare,
							regardless of how many benefits it has. Maybe you didn't bother
							checking the sources provided, or maybe it's simply a knee jerk
							reaction. You mention that we don't know that it would work the same
							in the US as it would in countries like the UK or France, and okay,
							that's a legitimate point. But we are currently ranked 37th in the
							world in health care, just behind Dominica and Costa Rica. In spite of
							our poor ranking, we currently pay more per capita than any other
							country. Does this make sense to you? 1. Today healthcare is based on
							a profit model, this is fine for selling soda, what happens when it's
							your health as we've seen, is instead of prevention, healthcare
							focuses on treatment, which costs more. 2. Instead of people taking
							care of a "small problem" right away, they wait because they don't
							want their premiums to go up or they just don't have insurance at all,
							and it sometimes becomes something life threatening, which costs much
							more. 3. Moving away from life threatning situations; if you walk into
							a doctor office today, and tell them you just feel tired all the time,
							first thing they will do is test for mono, which like 1% of the
							population has. That will come back negative. Then they will test you
							for low testosterone. Which is curable with some veggies and
							excercise, but whatever, it will either come back negative, or they'll
							give you a ridiculously expensive pill. Pretend it comes back
							negative. What they will do is either say nothings wrong with you and
							tell you to get some sleep, or if you happen to have a particularly
							cool doctor, he'll say "I didn't say this, but about 60% of the
							population is iron deficient, try vitamins and see if you feel better
							in a couple weeks." Because it's a profit based, and treatment based
							system. And doctors today aren't allowed to tell you to try a vitamin
							that costs like a penny each. You see how a profit based health system
							is not a good idea? You're worried about how much a doctor would make.
							You do realize that people without insurance are still treated right?
							Two things happen, doctors volunteer at "free clinics" which actually
							cost like a hundred bucks, but this is time they don't get paid for,
							or tax payers pick up the tab anyway through 1 of dozens of programs.
							So what changes with Universal Healthcare? Doctors are now paid
							regardless of the financial circumstance of the individual seeing
							them. This would actually mean more money for doctors not less. The
							only people threatened with a bigger bill through this system is the
							tax payer. But that wouldn't happen either. Currently most businesses
							pay a dollar for healthcare for every two dollars of salary. Switching
							to non profit cuts business expenses to 0 overnight, allowing for
							better wages and more employees. Next, since profit is no longer the
							main concern of healthcare, doctors are allowed to prescribe
							preventive advice, and people can see their doctors a couple times a
							year, instead of only when they are sick. If a woman catches breast
							cancer before it spreads, it costs a couple thousand to get rid of.
							Once it spreads, it costs hundreds of thousands. These kinds of cases
							are what has made us the number one spender on healthcare, it's not
							sprained ankles or the flu. If you can get people to see the doctor
							when they should, the American people save billions. If you make it
							Universal, more people will see their doctor, business will have far
							less expenses, doctors will make more money, tax payers will save
							money, and most important, people will live longer and happier lives.
							The only losers are the insurance companies who have been fleecing the
							American people for years now, so I really don't feel too bad about
							that, do you?
							[Posted by iamdavidh at 2009-06-17T23:33:09+00:00 - Side: nothing]

		The problem is that the taxpayers pay doctors 180,000 dollars whether
		they have patients or not. You should be paid on what you do not what
		some bureaucrat thinks. This is not the UK, the US has four to five
		times the population as the UK, thus more people needing healthcare.
		[Posted by Tugman at 2009-06-17T23:22:26+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			"The problem is that the taxpayers pay doctors 180,000 dollars
			whether they have patients or not." I'm not entirely sure of the US
			way of paying doctors, but I'd assume that they are on annual wages,
			not a pay per customer. If so, then there will be absolutely no
			difference whether it's universal healthcare or insurance based
			healthcare. The only difference I can see is whether a person pays
			through their insurance company, or via the state. You're current
			arguments indicate that you believe that the healthcare system will
			have to deal with more people due to socialised healthcare, therefore
			the wage of doctors (if it were a pay per customer system) would
			actually increase. Doctors in the US earn a fantastic salary [ source
			]. Do you have some preordained knowledge or whether the state will
			set doctor wages, or whether or not hospitals will be given certain
			budgets which include salary. It seems to me that you're making up
			problems where problems don't exist purely for the sake of being
			against universal healthcare. Here's the facts: nearly every single
			industrialised nation apart from the US has universal healthcare
			systems. The US is low on the healthcare quality lists. The US ranks
			poorly relative to other industrialized nations in health care despite
			having the best trained health care providers and the best medical
			infrastructure of any industrialized nation . Lots of countries with
			universal healthcare systems, such as the UK, have higher ranked
			healthcare systems then the US. The United States spends at least 40%
			more per capita on health care than any other industrialized country
			with universal health care. 71% of doctors believe that the current
			managed care system has caused quality of care to be compromised.
			These are the people actually involved in the front line of the
			healthcare system. Now, I know you seem to hate the word socialism
			(without seeming to understand why you hate it), so I must tell you
			that universal health care is not socialized medicine. It is a health
			care payment system, not a health care delivery system. Health care
			providers would be in fee for service practice, and would not be
			employees of the government, which would be socialized medicine.
			Single payer health care is not socialized medicine, any more than the
			public funding of education is socialized education, or the public
			funding of the defense industry is socialized defense. So, what
			exactly are you arguing for? Are you happy that you're an
			industrialised country spending the most on healthcare whilst also
			being ranked one of the worst amongst other industralised nations? Are
			you happy that only people who can afford it get the healthcare they
			require? Are you happy that the whole system is geared towards profit,
			rather than patient care? Are you glad that the costs of health care
			in Canada as a % of GNP, which were identical to the US when Canada
			changed to a single payer, universal health care system in 1971, have
			increased at a rate much lower than the US, despite the US economy
			being much stronger than Canada’s? Do you actually know what the hell
			you're talking about, or do you simply hear the word "socialised" and
			outright reject it without actually knowing anything about it? The
			evidence points to that fact that not only will you get better
			healthcare under a universal healthcare system, and pay less for it,
			but every single person will be entitled to that healthcare. Everyone
			is a winner. What, honestly, is the big fucking deal? "This is not the
			UK, the US has four to five times the population as the UK, thus more
			people needing healthcare." That's irrelevant as the size makes all
			things relative. Bigger population means more people needing
			healthcare, but also more hospitals, more doctors, more people paying
			for the healthcare system via taxes, etc, etc. An increase in
			population means a directly correlated increase in avilable funds for
			healthcare through taxation. Regardless, the US currently has a
			medicine and doctor oversupply of 30%, with a proposed universal
			healthcare demand increase of only 15%. Do you actually check up the
			facts, or do you just pull possible issues from your ass without doing
			the slightest bit of research into them? For christ sake, get over
			your ridiculous obsession with anything socialised and just realise
			that the US is crying out for universal healthcare.
			[Posted by xaeon at 2009-06-18T07:07:20+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

	"$300,000 in student loans" Really? That's insane. The government
	should invest in the education of its citizens. We would all be better
	off.
	[Posted by jessald at 2009-06-17T11:36:01+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

		In an ideal world, yes it should. But that would be really expensive
		and we're in too much debt as it is. I don't think the government can
		fund universal health care, college education, and everything else
		without collapsing. But I wish it did. :) I'm just estimating that
		figure based on a $25,000/year undergrad degree and a $200,000 med
		school cost. Seems legitimate enough, although I'd probably have even
		more than that. My undergrad school, with scholarship, is
		$35,000/year... :|
		[Posted by MKIced at 2009-06-17T11:40:12+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			Cut military spending. Stop nation building. Invest in the people.
			It's simple, really.
			[Posted by jessald at 2009-06-17T11:41:48+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

				Don't cut too much military spending. It's necessary. And my sister
				and her fiancee are both in the Navy right now. I hope to join them by
				going through the Naval Academy (I had to reapply. I didn't get in
				this year)
				[Posted by MKIced at 2009-06-17T11:43:54+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

Another thing I really don't like about him is how he's pulling out
of Iraq completely . I understand that the Iraqis need to become
responsible for themselves and I understand that we don't need such a
large army over there, but I still think we need to be there a little
bit. Regardless of anything you say, I feel very unsafe with this
decision, especially living close to New York, Philadelphia, and
Washington D.C. (among other big cities). It's only the first place
any terrorist would attack. :|
[Posted by MKIced at 2009-06-17T11:11:20+00:00 - Side: war on terror]

	He has yet to remove anyone, what he has said and what he has done,
	are two completely different things. He may say the best thing is
	withdrawal, but he has to do anything but deploy more troops.
	[Posted by JustinWillis at 2009-06-18T03:05:30+00:00 - Side: war on terror]

		He's already set a date to leave. So unless he's a liar or something
		drastic happens, they have already been sentenced to leave.
		[Posted by MKIced at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

He is very very successful and has made it to the top. (I don't know
the exact history of how he became that successful. But I know that he
has.) Yet he tells people that Government is the only answer. That you
can't make it on your own. He doesn't talk about hard work. He focuses
on the weak points in america to sell his big government pitch. I also
don't like his ears.
[Posted by JakeJ at 2009-06-17T16:42:26+00:00 - Side: entitlement and big government]

	Here is where I have an issue with almost all the critics of Obama.
	Just because the guy wants to slightly increase taxes on the rich, and
	lower taxes on the working class, means that somehow he is devaluing
	hard work? How? Because he's making it slightly easier to climb the
	latter? Because he has some empathy for the people who have to work
	two jobs just so that they can decide whether they want to send their
	kids to college, pay the rent, or pay health insurance? (True story by
	the way, the guy chose his kids and couldn't afford insulin). If
	anything he's making the American dream more accessible...he's making
	America into exactly what we've all claimed that it is for the last
	200 years. As you said, Obama became successful, and started from
	almost nothing. He had to work his way up to the top, and did a great
	job of it. You would think that this would convince him that the
	system works, but he's smarter then that. He knows that for every one
	story like his, there are thousands of stories of people who worked
	equally as hard, but for some reason beyond there own control,
	couldn't reach the same level of success. He also knows that we can't
	abandon those people, or right them off as lazy or undeserving of
	basic human rights. Tell me one time Obama said "you can't make it on
	your own" or that "government is the only answer." What is your fear
	Jake? Doctors will still make more than waiters. The system is still
	going to be based on capitalism...but capitalism alone doesn't work.
	No system that puts the vast majority of the wealth in the hands of a
	small minority of people ever works. When people can't survive they
	turn to crime and violence. Look at Mexico. Look at almost all of
	Africa. There nations have vast natural resources, but the people are
	seeing none of it. If you don't fix the disparity of wealth, then a
	society cannot function.
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2009-06-17T17:05:41+00:00 - Side: nothing]

		He raises taxes on households that make 250,000 dollars a year or
		more. People you make that much money usually work there asses off. My
		mother works 8 to 10 hours every day, and makes less than 100,000 a
		year and pays 50 percent taxes. The way to stop this economic crisis
		is by letting people keep their money and use it to stimulate the
		economy.
		[Posted by Tugman at 2009-06-17T23:26:31+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			"My mother works 8 to 10 hours every day, and makes less than 100,000
			a year and pays 50 percent taxes." A lot of people work far more hours
			than that and don't make anywhere near that much money. The point is
			totally irrelevant. You can't conclude that the harder you work the
			more money you make. That's extremely naive. "The way to stop this
			economic crisis is by letting people keep their money and use it to
			stimulate the economy." Wrong. In a recession, people will be saving
			as much money as they can, even those who can afford to spend it. An
			injection of cash into public spending is a tried and tested method of
			getting a country out of recession and holding off depression. It's
			called Keynesian economics, and it works.
			[Posted by xaeon at 2009-06-18T07:14:49+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			He raises taxes on households that make 250,000 dollars a year or
			more. People you make that much money usually work there asses off.
			That's great...and they should continue to work their asses off
			because they are still making way more money then people who make
			20,000 dollars a year, even with the tax increase. In a perfect world,
			no one would get taxed and the government wouldn't be needed at all.
			But in the real world we do need the government, and it takes money to
			run the government. So let me ask you a question, who should we take
			the money from? The people who are making over 250,000 dollars a year,
			and are working 45 hour weeks. Or should we take it from the
			construction worker who has to work 7 days a week, 12 hours a day for
			about 50,000 dollars a year. (In case you were wondering, that's a
			description of what my former wrestling coach had to do. His schedule
			actually kept him from coaching my last two years of high school).
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2009-06-20T13:48:41+00:00 - Side: nothing]

		I agree with the american dream, but not everyone can live the
		"american dream." If everyone was living the american dream, we
		wouldnt have people doing ordinary but needed jobs. Fixing disparity
		doesnt have to come from the wealthy, there is no need for these rise
		in taxes, if Obama took troops out of the middle east,like he
		promised, it wouldnt require the billions of dollars for funding,
		which can go toward other things.
		[Posted by JustinWillis at 2009-06-18T03:03:26+00:00 - Side: nothing]

			I agree with the american dream, but not everyone can live the
			"american dream." If everyone was living the american dream, we
			wouldnt have people doing ordinary but needed jobs. Your right that
			not everyone can be CEO of a company or a multi-millionaire...that's
			not what I was suggesting. I also agree that we will always need
			people to do manual labor, low paying jobs. There is no reason,
			however, that these people shouldn't have basic rights like education
			and healthcare. if Obama took troops out of the middle east,like he
			promised, it wouldnt require the billions of dollars for funding,
			which can go toward other things. Obama actually promised to just take
			troops out of Iraq. The war in Afghanistan will still require U.S.
			troops. I agree that military spending is out of control, but it would
			be irresponsible to just pull out all the troops from Iraq too
			quickly. He has scaled back our presence their significantly, however,
			and soon we should be virtually gone.
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2009-06-18T07:16:53+00:00 - Side: nothing]

		The flaw you have is that you think it's the governments job to help
		people financially. It's not, that's our job, weather it's us or our
		neighbor. Of course people need help! Are you saying it's better to
		have the government involved in charity rather than the people?
		[Posted by JakeJ at 2009-11-12T23:46:42+00:00 - Side: entitlement and big government]

	" I also don't like his ears. " lol. Every president has some
	exaggerated aspect. :)
	[Posted by MKIced at 2009-06-17T18:02:15+00:00 - Side: entitlement and big government]

	He never says any of those things. In fact he often says that
	government is not the only answer. He talks about working hard in
	every other speech. Maybe you should look at some of the things he has
	actually said , instead of just the out of context sound-bites Rush
	Limbaugh and friends want you to hear.
	[Posted by jessald at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		If there is ANYTHING we should have learned by now about Obama is
		that any thing he says will be diametrically opposite from what he
		does
		[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-06-17T21:18:33+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

			Bullshit. Where's your evidence?
			.......................................
			.................................
			[Posted by jessald at 2009-06-18T12:02:18+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

				"Bullshit" Really? I expected more from someone as intelligent as
				you. I should vote you down just on your manners alone! But I will
				hold off for now. I expected more from someone as intelligent as you.
				In my opinion, evidence is everywhere. However, I will take up your
				challenge. BUT! If I go to the time to give you three examples that
				you can validate, will you apologize for your remark and then admit
				that at the very least he as a politician apt to telling a few white
				lies? Looking forward to your response. Seriously
				[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T20:39:56+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

					Well I'll admit right now that he can stretch the truth. I mean, come
					on, do you honestly think anybody anywhere in the world could get
					elected if they didn't fudge the facts once in a while? That said, I
					do think Obama is a lot more honest than most politicians. I was
					calling bullshit on your assertion that "any thing he says will be
					diametrically opposite from what he does". That's just not true. You
					call a duck a duck? Well I call bullshit bullshit. Anyway, I'm fine
					with discussing your three examples if you want.
					[Posted by jessald at 2009-11-06T22:27:04+00:00 - Side: nothing]

						I am glad that you believe in your choice of president. Its a great
						thing to be passionate about things. I too am passionate about my
						beliefs. Whats interesting about belief is that is a mighty and
						powerful thing and is not to be trifled with. I had a big 'ol list of
						stuff but to keep things brief I decided to answer you with this. Will
						you accept the challenge? It would take courage on your part as well
						as mine as I may have to eat crow as well! I think your man enough.
						P.S. Was the 1st paragraph of your response an admission that your man
						could not have been elected with out lying OR are you asking that of
						me?? Seriously not trying to be a smartelec here. Sounded like a great
						subject for debate!
						[Posted by dtrimble at 2009-11-06T23:00:59+00:00 - Side: Socialist]

from what Ive heard everyone's talking about what obama wants to
do(little of what he is already doing). obama has made promises on his
campaign and boy did he promise alot, He promised an end to NAFTA,
criticizing it, calling it a mistake. after his inauguration his story
changed, he endorsed it. DOES ANYONE KNOW WHERE THE MONEY FROM THE
STIMULUS PACKAGE GO? The reason why this "president" is in office is
because hes charismatic and a hell of an actor, did you see how many
people cried when he was elected, how many smiles and hopes people
had, and how many promises he broke. In his inauguration speech he
kept blaming us the American people for the recession, i beg to
differ. I picked up the newspaper, Headlined: First Black President,
but when will it say the first good president. we've had a few great
presidents JFK and Lincoln to name a few but we all know what happened
to them. some of you will not believe me and thats okay, but if some
do believe than look up the obama deception on you tube.
[Posted by uknown44 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	LMAO, wow, you're a regular conspirator aren't you? Don't worry
	though, I have biggy and tupak hanging out in my basement, we're
	currently disecting bigfoot, aliens actually assassinated jfk because
	he threatened to make area 51 public, and I'm a magical unicorn
	writing this with my hoofs.
	[Posted by iamdavidh at 2009-06-20T16:01:00+00:00 - Side: nothing]

What I "love" is that, he had promised during his campaign that he
would remove troops from the middle east, that was one of his main
vocal points. During Bush's presidency nobody would shut up how Bush
keeps sending troops and funding this war, but since Obamas presidency
has started, he hasn't removed any troops, but deployed more, but you
have nobody complaining about that. Thats what I "love" about him, you
don't really hear anything from the democratic public about what he
needs to do better, because he has a lot of them in a trance because
they are still so awed at how he has overcome such diversity, blah
blah blah, I could care less is our president is purple, who cares
about the color of his skin, and if you vote for him because of his
promises, fine, but if you vote for him because the color of his skin,
the american public doesnt deserve the right to vote. I hate that he
isnt being held accountable for his "promises" that he delivered
during his campaign trail. I guess all the presidential election is,
is telling the american public what they want to hear, even if you
have no plan on carrying it out.
[Posted by JustinWillis at 2009-06-18T02:56:09+00:00 - Side: Broken Promises]

	He said he would end the war and bring our troops home after
	consulting with the generals in Iraq. He has done that and has since
	created a timetable for bringing the troops back. One reason for not
	bringing them back immediately is the success of the surge. Before the
	surge Iraq looked like a hopeless case. But after the surge, violence
	levels dropped sharply and a stable, democratic Iraq became a real
	possibility. No I'm not defending the war -- I think it was a big
	mistake -- but the fact is we've come so close and it makes sense to
	see it through.
	[Posted by jessald at 2009-06-18T12:07:22+00:00 - Side: Broken Promises]

"He's a socialist"... Seriously. I don't know if I should laugh or
cry. Where do you get your facts? Have you ever met one? I'm
surrounded by socialists every day and for the most part they're good
people. In my opinion so is Obama. But he IS NOT a socialist. At last
tourists from USA won't have to say they're from Canada.
[Posted by zaltabar at 2009-06-20T14:27:10+00:00 - Side: Broken Promises]

	Read my comment below and definition. We are quickly moving that way.
	Adding to the industries and ownership that Government has which is
	the definition of Socialism. The more obvious one that people forget
	is property tax. if you pay off your home and own it scott free you
	will always have property tax and if you don't pay that even though
	you have paid off your land and home government will take it away from
	you. That by the way is Communism. Simple def of Communism state owned
	always. So there you go.
	[Posted by jtopolnak at 2009-11-06T23:50:47+00:00 - Side: Broken Promises]

I dont' hate Obama he's a likeable guy i think that away from it all
he is probably pretty cool to hang out with even though he may be a
radical. i would love to play a round of golf with him. i can say that
i hate Nancy Pelosi and it's scary to think that she is third in line
to be President. Obama policies I hate but not the person.
[Posted by jtopolnak at 2009-11-06T23:15:13+00:00 - Side: Broken Promises]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
