Title: President Bush: Good or Bad?
Posted by Republican2
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/President_Bush_Good_or_Bad

Comments:

Although I highly disagree with all of his mindless foreign policy
that being the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars and he increased the federal
government more than any other president or congress while cutting
taxes and consequently, a bigger debt, President Bush was good for
some things. Not entirely sure what that good is but compared with
Obama, it is much more.
[Posted by PrayerFails at 2010-03-10T08:23:03+00:00 - Side: Good]

Even though I'm from San Francisco, I'm a Republican and think Bush
was a good president. Bush had the right idea with the Iraq invasion-
he prevented an economic meltdown. The fundamentals of our economy is
oil and where does oil come from? The Middle East including Iraq.
everything we own or do is a bi-product of oil. Even green technology.
The items we associate as green come from factories that run on
electricity and where does most electricity come from coal or oil. In
the 1990's Saddam invaded and tried to take over Kuwait- an oil
wealthy nation that was/is friendly to the US. We knew that Saddam
would then cut off our oil supply from Kuwait which would then effect
our gas prices and our economy. In 2001 9/11 happened and Bush lied
and said Saddam was behind it because that was the only way he would
get the majority vote for declaration of war. Saddam again threatened
to cut off our oil supply and we told him to step down or face a
military strike. He refused and we took him down and set up a US
friendly government that would continue to supply oil. Some may ask
why not just use a new alternative energy? The answer is look at how
long it took to build up the oil industry to where it is now and
money. Green tech is expensive. Bush knew that oil is running out and
in the not-so-distant future there will probably be an even bigger war
over the last wells of oil. We built three of the biggest military
bases in the Middle East and we built them to last so even if all our
troops come home we have a foundation for a strong defensive position
when the the time comes. Bush also took the first major step in
fighting terrorism- he chose to destroy terrorism at its roots.
Remember that "what is popular is not always right and what is right
is not always popular." It seems to me that people are blinded by the
fact that he told a lie. What can you expect he's a politician all
politicians lie and he lied for the good of the country.
[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-04-15T19:50:24+00:00 - Side: Good]

Honestly, Bush was the target of the biggest propaganda war in
history. Most of the criticisms of him are mindlessly repeated talking
points. Like any politician, he did good and bad things. My biggest
criticism of him is his massive, uncontrolled spending, but he also
took a strong stance on terrorism which prevented further attacks on
American soil for several years. The Bush tax cuts that everyone
criticizes also corresponded to the highest tax revenue we've had in
some time. 10% of 100 is much higher than 40% of 20. The economy was
very good, something some attributed to the tax cuts, though things
like that are impossible to prove. However you feel about the Iraq
war, Iraq is in a much better and freer place than it was before we
came, which, for them anyway, is good. Anyway, my point is he is
certainly not the best president we've ever had
[Posted by tallblondguy at 2010-05-09T14:52:08+00:00 - Side: Good]

I, as a Republican and a Texan, support what Bush did in his time in
office although I know many do not. I think the gripe most people have
about him is that people voted for him thinking a republican president
would help with U.S. debt, but instead he turned around and spent
hundreds of billions of dollars on the war effort. Normally, I
wouldn't like this either, but I've come to the conclusion that the
pentagon knows things citizens don't and they would never authorize
hundreds of billions of dollars on a wild goose chase. There must have
been some validity to it.
[Posted by Republican2 at 2010-03-09T22:06:47+00:00 - Side: Good]

	That is pretty much the opposite of Republicanism. Republicans
	believe in limited government, little government power, and have a
	fundamental distrust in the government. And yet you trust him
	presumably because he is Republican, not because "the Pentagon knows
	things we don't". If it is in fact because "the Pentagon knows things
	we don't", you must be in favor that everything our government does
	because it knows things that we don't.
	[Posted by Conro at 2010-04-23T21:03:57+00:00 - Side: Bad]

		Republicans also often believe in a strong military power to
		intervene in international affairs when it is in the United States'
		best interest. Especially ones who fall on the authoritarian end of
		the political spectrum.
		[Posted by Republican2 at 2010-04-27T10:44:47+00:00 - Side: Good]

			Well, you seem to be implying that you are on the authoritarian end
			of the spectrum. As you are not a liberal, I wouldn't really call you
			socialist or communist, but rather fascist. Not as a derogatory term,
			but it seems to me like that is the essential element of your belief:
			a police/military state. Additionally your definition of what which
			international affairs is vague and therefore incapable of creating a
			valid generalization about the Republican party. Who decide's the
			United States' "best interest"? Is it the President, the Senators, the
			Representatives, the special interest groups, Wall Street, the
			American People, the children, or the military? As you can see, it's
			impossible to define "best interest" of the United States because of
			the differing opinion of each powerful social group. If you believe
			it's any form of government that can decide "best interest", then you
			must believe they can decide "best interest" in domestic affairs as
			well. As such, you must be able to accept liberality. But you said you
			are a military minded Republican. Either it is merely yourself, or the
			Republican party cannot decide what to believe consistently.
			[Posted by Conro at 2010-04-27T17:39:47+00:00 - Side: Bad]

No. No, no, no, no, and no. Iraq, Afganistan, Al-Quaeda. The only 3
reasons Bush sucked.
[Posted by johnnyboy46 at 2010-03-12T14:34:14+00:00 - Side: Bad]

	Going to the middle east was one of his best decisions. you are
	blinded by the fact that he told a little lie to go there, but he's a
	politician and all politicians lie.
	[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-04-23T20:22:45+00:00 - Side: Good]

		Right, it was just a "little lie". It was a "little lie" that sunk
		the U.S. even further into debt. It was a "little lie" that we went to
		Iraq, overthrew their government, made ourselves overseers, installed
		ourselves militarily there, spent eight+ years of military activity
		their, poured trillions of dollars into the Middle East, and killed
		hundreds of thousands of soldiers, insurgents, and innocents. It was a
		"little lie" that made the rest of the Western nations lose faith in
		U.S. leadership. Because a politician lies, doesn't that mean we
		should not trust him or her with our money, interest, or troops? It
		seems to me when a leader cannot act responsibly, or does not act with
		the consent of the governed, that it is our right to displace said
		leader. Additionally, you never provided any justifications for how it
		was "one of his best decisions". Please do so or your argument is
		invalid.
		[Posted by Conro at 2010-04-27T17:45:43+00:00 - Side: Bad]

			It was a good decision because it protected our oil. Plus under Bush
			he protected us. After 9/11 there were no other attacks on US soil.
			Saying that the oil industry will die is a bunch of crap because
			everything we do or own is a bi-product of oil. Even green technology
			comes from oil because it's made in factories and factories use
			machines that run on oil and other fossil fuels. Saddam had threatened
			to cut off our oil supply and oil is the fundamentals of our economy
			so if he did cut it off our economy would have felt the cut in a
			negative way. We overthrew their government and put in a US friendly
			government that would continue to supply us with oil. Plus Saddam was
			the leader of a corrupt regime and he was responsible for genocide. He
			was going to get screwed over sooner of later and it happened to be
			the US that did it. Obama isn't exactly doing anything to get us out
			of debt in fact he is spending even more money than Bush. Most of the
			soldiers over there believe they are doing the right thing. The
			insurgents deserve no mercy because they seek to destroy America and
			the innocent people die because the insurgents refuse to distinguish
			themselves from civilians. if we we didn't trust any politicians then
			we would have no government because they all lie. They say what people
			want to hear to get elected and then once elected they do their own
			thing. Obama has lied because he's a politician- it's part of the job.
			[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-04-27T21:13:00+00:00 - Side: Good]

				How did Bush protect us by invading Iraq? Our interests, maybe , but
				certainly not American lives. Neither the Taliban nor Al-Qaeda were in
				Iraq. They were in Afghanistan and Pakistan. They still are in
				Afghanistan and Pakistan. Not Iraq. Additionally, Iraq is not even one
				of the most influential or highest producing members of OPEC. They
				don't hold as much power as you seem to think they do. Eventually the
				oil industry will die. It's just a matter of time. The green "stuff"
				we have now is made by fossil fueled energy, but slowly the grids and
				energy systems of the U.S. (and the World) will switch over to
				renewable, cheaper, cleaner, domestic energy. "We overthrew their
				government and put in a US friendly government that would continue to
				supply us with oil. Plus Saddam was the leader of a corrupt regime and
				he was responsible for genocide. He was going to get screwed over
				sooner of later and it happened to be the US that did it." The US
				friendly government is still corrupt. Saddam's "killings" it seems
				were a little exaggerated (http://www.mediamonitors.net/
				robinmiller10.html). Iraq is not our country to impose our will.
				Imperialism (even economic) is bad. "Obama isn't exactly doing
				anything to get us out of debt in fact he is spending even more money
				than Bush. Most of the soldiers over there believe they are doing the
				right thing. The insurgents deserve no mercy because they seek to
				destroy America and the innocent people die because the insurgents
				refuse to distinguish themselves from civilians." Obama is spending
				more money on what? You need to be clearer. Bush spent trillions of
				dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Somehow, I doubt Obama has spent that
				much yet. One of the important parts about a modern soldier is their
				huge amount of conformity. They do not think for themselves. They
				follow orders. If higher-ups say the war is a good cause, then it is
				for them. The insurgents just want America out of their country. They
				will probably make their country go to hell, but it's there right to
				choose their government. Additionally, it's a guerrilla war. Of course
				the insurgents don't distinguish themselves. That would defeat the
				purpose of fighting a guerrilla war. However, that does not mean that
				all civilians are killed through confusion. Ina specific bombing of
				Saleh Shehadeh, his house was destroyed (via "smart" missile) along
				with 3 neighboring buildings, 150 civilians wounded, 15 dead,
				including Shehadeh's wife and children. Although this attack was
				performed by the Israeli Army, we are still responsible for the
				escalating conflict between insurgent and Allied forces. I agree that
				politicians sometimes lie. But they also tell the truth. It seems like
				Obama really does want reform. It seemed like Bush really thought he
				was helping the American people. That doesn't mean that either are
				good or bad. Their actions and, to a lesser extent, their words are
				reflective of their efficiency. I'd rather have an effective president
				passing legislation to reform finances, housing, social security,
				health care, and education, than an ineffective president who drags a
				war on four eight+ years with no end in sight by the end of his term.
				[Posted by Conro at 2010-04-27T22:46:16+00:00 - Side: Bad]

					He protected our economy. There are actually Al-Qaeda operatives in
					Iraq. Recently, a top Al-Qeada official was killed in Iraq and Biden
					called it a "Devastating blow" They are still in Afghanistan and
					Pakistan and now in Yemen and Somalia. Iraq may not be the most
					influential OPEC member, but our economy is based on infinite growth
					and infinite resources which means that we need all the resources we
					can get. Because our demand for oil greatly out ways our supply even a
					little pinch will be felt with a bigger impact stateside. The oil
					industry will never die because everything depends on it. I agree it
					will diminish, but it won't be gone completely. we have found no other
					way to make plastics and they come mostly from oil. Agriculture
					depends on oil because all those machines run on oil and fertilizer
					comes for oil. Farmers will continue to go this way because they
					barely make enough money to be self sufficient. They have to get loans
					for the land and machines. There's no way they want another loan worth
					thousands of dollars so they can get some solar panels of wind
					turbines. Even with the tax credit from the government, it will still
					be expensive for them. Besides not all green tech is good. Electric
					cars that run on lithium ion batteries - the lithium has to be mined
					and mining is environmentally unfriendly, plus the cars have to be
					plugged in and electricity itself isn't clean. Even in California
					(where I'm from) most of the electricity comes from hydro-electric.
					That's not very good because it means damming rivers which hurts local
					fish populations. California has no major free flowing rivers. All
					governments are corrupt. They use a democracy in which the Iraqi
					people vote for their leader. Saddam's killings aren't as much as they
					seem because not all of the bodies have been found yet. "Imperialism
					(even economic) is bad" I don't see how it is bad. Controlling
					territories is a symbol of power and that power grants resources and
					expanded borders. I agree that health care should be free ,but if it's
					going to cost America trillions of dollars it's not worth it. His
					stimulus package alone cost 787 billion dollars. not to mention the
					massive loans to banks and big corporations. Where is the money going
					to come from- new and increased taxes, more expensive products from
					companies and borrowed money from China. :( Our soldiers are still
					people and they have opinions. Even before the US entered the middle
					east the insurgents hated us. They have always hated us and always
					will. When you say the attack was conducted by the Israeli Army- did
					they conduct the attack on Palestine or Iraq? All politicians believe
					that they are doing the right thing and they all lie. I'd rather have
					a president with a strong foreign policy, strong defense policy and
					America's best interests at heart. I want to thank you for a well
					thought debate.
					[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-04-28T20:54:43+00:00 - Side: Good]

						You debate well too, I just believe you're wrong :) If we need to
						devote attention to the Middle East, we are going about it the wrong
						way. It should not be given (as much) to Iraq, but to Pakistan and
						Afghanistan. Additionally, the US is totally unprepared to fight a
						guerrilla war. We haven't one won since our own revolution. Vietnam
						was a failure. Korea was a failure. The "reconstruction" argument
						really doesn't apply as much as Japan was already pretty modern when
						we rebuilt it, and Iraq is pretty much a third world country, not
						advanced at all. Eventually, it must die. Although there is an
						infinite demand for oil (and resources) that doesn't mean there is an
						infinite supply. Oil will run out. We will have to resort to other
						materials to produce our goods, be it biofuel, organic plastics, or
						other new materials. Farmers will develop new ways to make fertilizer
						not dependent on oil. And this scenario is much more desirable than
						being dependent on oil. As you said, our dependence on oil gives
						terrorists, tyrants, and oppressive regimes powerful bargaining
						powers. These potentially domestically grown/produced energy sources
						would be the US's, not some Sheikh's in Saudi Arabia. "All governments
						are corrupt." To some degree, but you seem to be implying some sort of
						equality of corruption. I would not say that America's government is
						as corrupt as Iraq's. Or Afghanistan's as Iran's. Or Russia's as
						Britain's. Or any other combination. It's impossible to eliminate all
						badness in all people. Instead it must be minimized and localized.
						Even if controlling territories is a "symbol of power", the method of
						imperialism and the mentality behind it are negative human attributes.
						They necessarily require destruction, subjugation, and a superiority-
						complex. I don't want to be represented by that kind of personality.
						If you want health care to be free, where do you propose it to come
						from, if not from taxes and loans? Taxes, although you might hate
						paying them at the moment, pay for all public services,
						establishments, and organizations. You can't have any form of
						government with out taxes. The only reason why we need to borrow from
						China is because we no longer produce most of our goods. We import
						more than export. As any economist can see, that is very bad in the
						long term. Insurgents have not always hated us and won't always will.
						Sure, the leaders might: the Taliban, Al-Qaeda, Hamas etc. But the new
						recruits didn't always hate us. They hate us for or continued and
						indefinite occupation of their country. They hate us when we burn down
						their village, shoot up their homes, abuse them, harass them, or shoot
						"smart" missiles. Although not often, they do thank us for some
						things: education, more opportunities for women, distribution of basic
						goods, and restructuring of their government. It seems that that good
						is overwhelmed by the negative, however. After all, it's much easier
						to remember the bad in a time of passion than the good. The attack by
						the Israeli Army on Saleh Shehadeh was because he was a leader in
						Hamas' military wing. Therefore I presume he was Palestinian. However,
						he is a basic representation of our attack on the insurgents and
						terrorists in the Middle East. If they have our best interests at
						heart, then you should trust them. I didn't think Bush did have our
						(America's) best interests at heart. I've listed most of the bad
						decisions he made, and I can recognize the "good" decisions. The bad
						again just outweigh the good.
						[Posted by Conro at 2010-04-28T23:42:13+00:00 - Side: Bad]

							In all fairness I believe you're wrong too. :) Kapeesh More or less I
							agree. The Iraq war should have lasted no longer than four years, but
							as you know I still think the invasion was justified. Korea was not a
							failure. We successfully prevented the communist takeover of South
							Korea. If we maintained a police force in Vietnam like we do in Korea,
							then we could have had to Vietnam's. ( but that's another debate for
							another time) It won't die completely because there are some things
							that oil makes better like valve oil. I've tried organic valve oil for
							my trumpet but it just doesn't work as well as my petroleum based oil.
							Farmers don't really invent things. And where will they get the money?
							They won't want another loan.And if they don't do what the food
							companies want then they get sacked and end up with nothing. ( Food
							Inc) Sorry I didn't mean to imply that all governments are equally
							corrupt. They're not. It's not only a symbol of power but a chance to
							help poorer countries. You can give locals jobs since slavery is no
							longer legal. You can build schools and hospitals and provide health
							care. The people that don't hate us aren't insurgents they are just
							people who live in fear of and are constantly blackmailed by the
							Taliban and Al-Qaeda. I find it sickening and hateful to be at the
							mercy of China because we import most of our goods from them. So he
							was attacked because because he was a high ranking official in a
							terrorist organization? I did trust the Bush administration to a
							certain extent. I don't trust any government/ administration fully. I
							can also recognize his "bad" decisions but overall I think the good
							out way the bad.
							[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-04-29T18:59:38+00:00 - Side: Good]

								Yes, let's leave Vietnam for now. Because something we have now isn't
								sufficient for our needs does not mean that there will never be
								anything sufficient. Like it or not, oil will be depleted. It will
								eventually go higher and higher, making it more and more costly to buy
								and sell. Once there is probably about a 5-10% profit margin, you can
								bet that research in (or full on) organic production (or chemical
								production) of oil will increase tenfold. It won't be up to the
								farmers to invent them. I don't know where you got that idea. It will
								be research labs that invent the seeds to sell to farmers. If you
								believe that imperialism is what you said, you are (sorry to say this)
								hopelessly naive. What did we do when we decided to "help" the
								Philippines? We occupied them (and they kept fighting us) until 1936,
								and we didn't even recognize their self-governance until 1946. The
								Cubans were under our heel until their Communist revolution. Puerto
								Rico is still, while being slightly better off than other Latin
								American countries, one of the poorest nations in this hemisphere. The
								British Empire broke up because almost no one wants to be ruled by
								some foreign, magnanimous political body. I'm sorry, but anyone who is
								fighting against the US and our allies in Iraq or anywhere in the
								Middle East is an insurgent. They aren't all blackmailed, but rather
								the majority have been convinced of our evil through our actions (and
								a little Taliban pressure). It's sad, but true. We are at the mercy of
								China because we don't produce as much. It's because we have our
								finger in every pie that we are spread so thin and don't produce as
								much domestically. I'm not offended or upset that we wanted to kill
								this man, but rather that 3 buildings were destroyed, 150 people were
								injured, and 16 (including him, his wife, and child) were killed. That
								is the part that upsets me. That just shows a lack of respect for the
								power that we potentially wield over others' lives.
								[Posted by Conro at 2010-05-01T17:29:04+00:00 - Side: Bad]

									Sadly the food companies control the farmers and if the farmers don't
									comply with what the food companies want then they will get sacked. (
									Food Inc.) If you want to change agriculture then first you will need
									to change how the food companies operate. Right now the food companies
									want to ban organic foods because it brings in a profit to the farmer
									instead of the food companies. What do you believe imperialism. I
									think it's perspective. Do you consider the fact that we have bases in
									South Korea, Japan and various European countries imperialistic? Don't
									you think that would put us in a better position to take over? They
									like our presence there but people in the middle east are blinded by
									the lies of Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. The people in Afghanistan didn't
									even know what 9/11 was because the Taliban lied to them. The Taliban
									have a huge influence in Afghanistan. We could easily produce as much
									as much as China. Exports are still a big part of the US economy. In
									2008 exports accounted for 800 billion dollars. All it would take is
									if China decided to start a war. China is also invested in many world
									markets. In an urban area population density is much greater, so of
									course there is a greater number of casualties. The part that upsets
									me is that he could easily kill even more innocent people in an even
									more dehumanizing way. Statistically civilian deaths are unavoidable
									in an urban area. We should get to Vietnam another time :)
									[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-05-02T19:52:51+00:00 - Side: Good]

										I think we should leave food/farming alone for now because it's
										gotten off the topic of Bush. Maybe for another debate. Imperialism is
										starting a war with another country for the purpose of territorial
										gain or taking of resources. In that way, our military bases in other
										countries are not directly imperialistic, just an omnipresent eye into
										said country. You imply that the Taliban or Al-Qaeda are an all
										powerful organization that shape everyone in the Middle East's
										opinions and facts. I disagree. There are many different branches of
										the Taliban and of Al-Qaeda. If we are simply paying back the Taliban
										and Al-Qaeda (or it seems to be the ENTIRE Middle East) for 9-11, I
										think we've accomplished that goal. The death tolls were about equal a
										year into the War. Over 100,000 civilians have been killed as of now.
										Sad but true, wars do tend to stimulate economic recovery, as WWII did
										for the US in the Depression, but I refuse to value money over the
										value of a human life. I do not believe in warmongering solely for a
										profit. It is not as if such an attack had to have been made while
										Shehadeh was in an urban environment. Had the Israeli's done proper
										investigations, they could have taken him out in a more isolated area.
										War does not need to be fought in the city neighborhoods. We must
										maintain a level of civility, even in war and death.
										[Posted by Conro at 2010-05-03T00:01:41+00:00 - Side: Bad]

											I agree that food/farming has gotten off topic Imperialism doesn't
											always mean declaring war on another country. Some people consider it
											imperialistic that we have bases and troops in Japan and in South
											Korea but they are our allies and want our protection. We don't only
											fight in the middle east we build schools and distribute basic
											supplies to civilians and still try to be respectful of the peoples
											cultures. You imply that we are like Russia when they invaded the
											middle east. As long as Al-Qaeda and the Taliban continue to kill
											innocent people then we cannot just sit back and let them do so. Wars
											do stimulate economy. I respect your refusal to disregard money for
											human life so I won't press the issue. As much as I hate to admit it
											the Israeli's have one of the best intelligence agencies in the world.
											Maybe there was no better time for them to get him. I doubt we will
											ever know the best time because I don't think the Israeli's will show
											us their records.
											[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-05-04T20:25:11+00:00 - Side: Good]

												I don't mean to say that we are like Russia was. I don't believe we
												are nearly that bad. What I do believe, however, is that we don't
												really understand the Middle Eastern culture. I think, if we want to
												improve relations with the Middle East, we need to start by teaching
												each soldier we send Arabic. It is essential that we are able to
												communicate with those we are trying to protect or fight. Bush never
												seemed to make communication (at least two-way communication if I can
												mention Abu Ghraib) a priority. I hope Obama will have the foresight
												or wisdom to do that, but again, Obama's another issue.
												[Posted by Conro at 2010-05-04T21:55:52+00:00 - Side: Bad]

													In all fairness the Middle East doesn't understand our culture
													either. I think think teaching each soldier Arabic would be good but
													not now because according to Obama the war is diminishing, but that
													would have bee good at the beginning. Bush didn't see the war as a
													chance to communicate and understand another culture he saw a threat
													to our interests and our security.
													[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-05-06T17:24:13+00:00 - Side: Good]

														That is what is disturbing. We don't want a president to have tunnel
														vision. We want him (or her) to look objectively at the large picture
														in order to best tackle it. President Bush, as you said, "didn't see
														the war as a chance to communicate and understand another culture...".
														It's important to realize that in order to achieve an effective peace,
														one must communicate with the opposition. Perhaps not "negotiating
														with terrorists" but we must be able to understand or fully visualize
														the enemy's goals in order to best defeat them. The best avenue for
														that kind of understanding is through simple communication.
														[Posted by Conro at 2010-05-06T18:40:07+00:00 - Side: Bad]

															"The point of war is not to die for your country, but to make the
															other poor dumb bastard die for his."-Patton War is not about learning
															another culture. I assume you have read the Art of War?
															[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-05-07T20:43:27+00:00 - Side: Good]

																"War is Peace. Freedom is Slavery. Ignorance is Strength" - George
																Orwell How is war a good thing? Have you ever been to war? Have you
																seen any of the memoirs detailing war? I assume you've read "The
																Things They Carried". I have not actually read the Art of War. Instead
																of a war mentality, we must strive always for peace, and war or
																military conflicts only as a last resort. However, I did just look it
																up and a famous quote that evolved into a Chinese proverb was "If you
																know only yourself, but not your opponent, you may win or may lose".
																It seems that he also believed in learning about the "enemy" (culture,
																strategy, economy, political structure, etc.) before fighting the
																battle to ensure victory.
																[Posted by Conro at 2010-05-07T23:51:15+00:00 - Side: Bad]

																	We have already agreed that the sad truth about war is that it
																	stimulates economy. I have not yet been to war, but I have read
																	memoirs. I have not yet read "The Things They Carry" It seems there
																	are two different purposes of learning another culture. 1. To
																	establish a peaceful understanding and relationship 2. To find your
																	enemies weakest points and strike them there.
																	[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-05-08T13:58:00+00:00 - Side: Good]

																		To either end, you recognize that it is essential to understand. But
																		Bush neither succeeded at nor attempted to understand his "enemy".
																		[Posted by Conro at 2010-05-08T22:06:37+00:00 - Side: Bad]

																			There are some enemies that can't be understood. This is especially
																			true when you are fight a guerrilla war. Understanding your enemy is
																			only a small part in war, but it is important. I believe that the
																			Taliban or Al- Qaeda can't be understood because they refuse to
																			understand us.
																			[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-05-09T13:57:40+00:00 - Side: Good]

																				In some ways I think you are right: the Taliban and Al-Qaeda are
																				difficult to understand because their viewpoints are so drastically
																				different from our own. But the crux of it is it seems like they think
																				they understand us, our culture, and our way of life, but in reality
																				they have as much trouble trying to understand us as us them. As it is
																				a guerrilla war, and has been since the start, it's abundantly clear
																				that the United States has failed in almost all it's guerrilla wars
																				(except perhaps the Revolution). Vietnam, the most notorious example
																				of guerrilla warfare, was a complete failure. Korea was half a
																				failure.
																				[Posted by Conro at 2010-05-09T15:02:47+00:00 - Side: Bad]

																					So is this the end of our debate? We have seemed to reach a common
																					ground. I don't think they try to understand us- they make assumptions
																					about us and I guess we do too. We had the right idea with Vietnam,
																					but it was poorly executed. But we did what we were supposed to do
																					there and that was delay the communist takeover for as long as
																					possible.
																					[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-05-09T18:29:27+00:00 - Side: Good]

																						Yes I suppose the debate has wound down. We should debate Vietnam in
																						another debate however.
																						[Posted by Conro at 2010-05-09T18:59:51+00:00 - Side: Bad]

																							I guess so. I personally have mixed feelings about Vietnam. The plan
																							was poorly executed. But I also believe that communism was bad. I know
																							that we never could have won that war and Nixon new that too and
																							that's why he started Vietnamization. We could still effectively kill
																							the enemy while leaving the country. We could also debate the
																							food/farming industry.
																							[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-05-09T19:57:32+00:00 - Side: Good]

He weakend education with no child left behind, he chose to use the
clinton administraitions surplus for tax cuts instead of social
security reform and he started a war that has cost thousands of lives
and billions of dollars. He has made america look like an
imperialistic power instead of a champion of liberty that it needs to
be.
[Posted by Nickgrand at 2010-04-03T23:42:55+00:00 - Side: Bad]

Had to post on this side. Anyone posting on the other side clearly
has issues, mental comes to mind. Single handedly brought down a
nation, then again I don't know of anyone else that could have done
that.
[Posted by Thewayitis at 2010-05-08T22:25:13+00:00 - Side: Bad]

i do not like him and he was a bad president, but he is not as bad as
he is made out to be. obama is blaming this economic shit storm on him
but it was actually caused by the de regulation of derivatives in 99
(Clinton ) era....... IRAQ was a shit storm and he fucked up. no child
left behind was not great but it was atleast it put a light on the
poor education system we have. he was a bad president. Hitler as sum
of these fucking Berkley idiots call him. no
[Posted by james987 at 2010-05-08T22:55:54+00:00 - Side: Bad]

president bubsh i think was bad but no complently bad i mean he did a
good jo in 9/11 and i think the NCLB education act was meant to be a
good thing it juts didin't turn out the way people would have hoped
plus the media always makes things worse then they are
[Posted by clay123 at 2010-09-11T09:13:38+00:00 - Side: Bad]

He caused the economic recession and got this country involved in two
wars.
[Posted by PhxDemocrat at 2015-07-15T20:51:27+00:00 - Side: Bad]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
