Title: Iran Nuclear Deal
Posted by HTHAMES
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Iran_Nuclear_Deal_3

Comments:

Choosing to support the Nuclear Deal will allow Iran to have more
money to fund national terroism. Iran is the biggest funder for global
terroism, for groups such as ISIS. Iran, also, has executed more
people than anyone, including China. Iran has executed more than 1000
Americans. The Nuclear Deal says how countries, including America,
will give Iran $150 billion dollars for any use. Also, Iran has
blatantly said how they wish to eliminate Israel, an ally and asset of
America. So, if we choose to give $150 billion dollars to Iran, we are
possibly ensuring the demise of Israel and the increase in global
terroism.
[Posted by unidolphin02 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I agree with this wholeheartedly, Iran is a threat to the world due
	to the wars it will start. These wars would obviously cause death
	amongst the world and most importantly other Americans
	[Posted by BlenShanegro at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Iran is a threat to the world due to the wars it will start. Except
		Iran has never started a war in its entire history as a country, the
		United States has started dozens, and you're a stupid little fuck who
		shouldn't be allowed to talk to adults.
		[Posted by BurritoLunch at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Name the wars which the United States started you bastard son of a
			diseased cock-sucking whore. The Yanks finished many wars and tried
			unsuccessfully to stop one or two others. These included the Vietnam
			war which was raging well before Uncle Sam entered the fight against
			the Chinese sponsored invading North Vietnam communist troops.
			American intervention was was in response to the request of the South
			Vietnamese government. You must be dripping in the foul smelling''
			NOMSHIT'' for which you're famous . (((((((((((((( NOMSHIT'S STANDARD
			NOMSHIT. ))))))))))))))))))) ((((((((((((((((((((( NO NOMSHIT HERE
			.)))))))))))))))))))))
			[Posted by Mongele at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

While the Nuclear Deal allows us to have inspections, Iran is able to
block the inspections from occurring allowing them to hide stuff from
our country. Iran has the right to challenge the need for a surprise
inspection. This gives Iran a window of 24 days before the inspector
is able to legally come and inspect. During this time, Iran will be
able to hide any suspicious equipment and nuclear weapons that they
are in the progress of building. Also, if Iran is able to follow the
deal for 10-15 years, Iran will have the time frame they need to build
a nuclear weapon without having to take out funding from the
countries. The time they need is about a year, especially if they have
been storing uranium and cleaning it during their 10 years of
following the agreement.
[Posted by unidolphin02 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

The nuclear deal lifts economic pressure off of Iran. If US, UN, and
EU sanctions are lifted, it puts more money in Tehran. They would use
this money fund terrorist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas. Iran funds
Hezbollah to harass the Isralei people in Lebanon. They do this
because they want to resist westernization, and this also harms our
Isralei allies. Why lift economic pressure when they are against
westernization? --CW
[Posted by unidolphin02 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Iran cannot be reasoned with, they do not have a legitimate
democracy. In order to stop their nuclear advancement, we have to show
them that we mean business. As an actual democracy with serious
military and economic standing, Iran will listen to us if we are
aggressive enough. Iran does not have a good history of being good at
diplomacy, so we need to speak their language and assert maximum
pressure from a direct economic standpoint and implied military
standpoint. We don't need to be reminded about how well they
negotiated with us during the Iranian hostage crisis...
[Posted by AuntChilada at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I agree with this wholeheartedly, Iran is a threat to world security
	given they will start another decades series of wars that will affect
	American lives.
	[Posted by BlenShanegro at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Already are the top military leader in the world yet they are still
	advancing a military weapons program. Historically the big stick
	approach cannot replace diplomacy and negotiation. Peaceful aggression
	does not create peach. A falsehood created by the idea that fear is a
	legitimate idea in the Iranian People. Look at the Cold War. 70 years
	on a stand off between world powers competing for the top spot,
	military and economically. Diplomacy brought the pressure down. Yes,
	Iran is a threat and has been since the revolution. But look at the
	majority of people of Iran. They lead normal lives who want economic
	freedom to have a global competitive economy. Playing the military
	card undermines the majority of Iranian’s who want peace. The minority
	who are in favor of terrorism and war are again a minority who want
	war and destruction to the United States. But are they actually
	suicidal enough to fight the United States. Us being the United States
	is already enough to back them into a corner military-wise. So a
	choice faces the United States. Build an even stronger military, we
	already have the world-leading spending by nearly 500 billion dollars,
	second given to China or do we recognize the legitimate desires of the
	Iranian people to be a legitimate country and economy. The choice is
	yours. -toastertoby
	[Posted by rpctdsamurai at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		If we lift sanctions against Iran, they are going to gain economic
		independence that makes our economy irrelevant. The new influx of
		money won't go to the people, it will go straight to the bonyads, who
		will send the money to the revolutionary guard, who supports the
		violent Bajis, that even beat up their own dissident citizens...You
		should get the point. What "diplomacy" brought the "pressure" down?
		Amadinejad was firmly against the nuclear deal, yet he was elected by
		the Iranian government while Obama was enacting "diplomacy." The point
		is, it doesn't matter how suicidal they are or are not. They won't
		give the money back to their people. They never have and their
		theocracy is not set up to allow it. They have a strong system in
		place to manipulate the people through their religion, and it is
		dangerous to allow them the independence and chance to create their
		own nuclear weapons program. The theocracy is power hungry and it
		always had been. If they proved themselves to be a civilized
		democracy, the situation would be different. That isn't the case yet.
		[Posted by AuntChilada at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			I completely agree. Iran keeps majority of its fund in bonyads. These
			bonyads keep money stored for anything the supreme leader wants. So,
			the money does not go back into the economy. If we continue to give
			$150 billion dollars to Iran, we are continuing to support terriosm,
			state-wide and global.
			[Posted by unidolphin02 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Iran continues to be hostile to the US despite the nuclear deal. The
nuclear deal is not working to secure stability in the Middle East and
does not help improve relations between the West and Iran. By backing
out of the deal we will be able to put pressure on Iran economically
to prevent them from destabilizing the region. Iran sponsors various
terrorist groups, actively tests and exhibits its military
capabilities, as well as helps Russia in its actions in the region.
Iran seizes oil ships in the Strait of Oman only causing more issues
in the region. By staying in the nuclear deal, we are supporting these
actions.
[Posted by Tamplank at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Even though we cannot deny the fact that Iran has normal citizens and
a young population of people, we can not throw a blind eye to the fact
that those people would not even receive the funding that Iran would
receive when sanctions are lifted. The money would go to bonyads and
to the Revolutionary Guard. The assets that they would receive would
not even benefit the citizens of Iran because it would be used to fund
terrorists groups and other things that they see fit to resist
westernization. Moreover, the Iranian government is a theocracy,
therefore, the people do not have much of a say in their government.
--CW
[Posted by unidolphin02 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Israel, a prominent strategic ally in the Middle East is being
threatened by Iran. The US and Israel share a commitment to liberty,
self-government, and economic prosperity. The US and Israel are
committed to a fight against international terrorism. Israel and Iran
have engaged in proxy conflicts before and to this day have disputes
and pressures from each other. As an ally to Israel, it is our duty to
help it defend itself and protect its sovereignty. By backing out of a
nuclear deal with Iran we are able to once again put economic pressure
on the country. This will inevitably help our Israeli allies and
weaken the tyrannical Iranian regime.
[Posted by Tamplank at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	While backing out of the deal may weaken Iran's economic situation,
	it for one gives them reason to prepare against further US-Israel
	contemptuous behavior, but also gives them the ABILITY to. This is
	literally handing your enemy a weapon and then angering them. In
	addition, the concepts of economic prosperity and liberty do not
	coincide with imposing economic sanctions because you are scared of a
	country weaker than you.
	[Posted by Flamacue at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Iran is an illegitimate country. The money that comes out of lifted
		sanctions goes to only help the Iranian regime. A regime which
		oppresses minorities and other religions that goes against their own.
		The Nuclear Deal was not helping ease tensions as we can see by
		continued hostilities by the regime. By backing out of the deal they
		are still in the same political tension as before. Iran is still far
		off from their goal of enrichment as well so in no way are we handing
		them a weapon.
		[Posted by Tamplank at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			As long as Iran continues to export oil, there is going to be
			corruption within the regime-regulated bonyads. Since Iran does not
			export oil to the United States, reimposing sanctions on Iran will not
			limit the amount of corruption within the bonyad system. However,
			liberalization of their economy via liberalization will.
			[Posted by Flamacue at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Iran is an illegitimate country. It is a sovereign member state of
			the United Nations you complete idiot. Some of you guys are literally
			living on a different planet. Eight million people were slaughtered to
			create the United States of America, and you are calling other
			countries illegitimate? Just what is going on in your head?
			[Posted by BurritoLunch at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				It is a sovereign member state of the United Nations you complete
				idiot. The ignorance of Americans never fails to astonish me , twice
				today on another site two different Americans said to me “so you’re
				not American that means you must be from the UK “ ......a nation of
				mostly raging imbeciles
				[Posted by Jody at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

The Iran nuclear deal requires Iran to enrich its Uranium to 3.67%
which is not enough for medical grade Uranium at 20% enrichment. This
can increase the mortality rate among Iranians due to the fact that
radioisotopes such as Uranium can be used to treat cancers such as
leukemia, sterilize a patient, and also show doctors, the area in
which the problem is occurring.
[Posted by Lazy-Assed at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

We should not limit Iran's Uranium capacity to 300kg because this is
limiting Iran's capability to use Nuclear power. In return, Iran will
continue to use oil which is much dirtier energy which will continue
to widen the Ozone hole. If you want a clean beautiful world you
should be against the Iran Nuclear Deal.
[Posted by Lazy-Assed at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

From a world peace standpoint, pulling out of the JCPOA will only
exacerbate fragile foreign relations between Iran, the US, and the
other countries involved in the deal. Iran benefits from the Iran Nuke
Deal. Thus, pulling out of the agreement means our pre-2015 sanctions
will be reimposed, giving Iran’s economy a major blow. Therefore, even
if pro-nuclear weapon Iranians are happy about the end of the JCPOA,
there will be a large number of liberal Iranians (who may be existing
supporters of the US) who will be angry that Iran is cut off from the
world economy. Anti-American sentiment such as that of the attitudes
expressed by the Iranian students who, angry at the fleeing of their
Shah, took American Ambassadors hostage in 1979, is fuel for war. This
started a major conflict, and nuclear weapons were not even involved.
Imagine the anger Iranians will have towards America for once again
crippling their economy in an age where nuclear warfare is dawning
upon us. Not only this, leaving the JCPOA means they are able to
enrich Uranium to dangerous levels once again. Leaving the JCPOA may
backfire on the US.
[Posted by Flamacue at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

In terms of age, the older population of Iran are outnumbered by the
younger population. The younger generation are more educated and as a
result, view the nuclear deal as a good thing for the people of Iran
and their economy. The younger population is also heavily democratic,
and they do not want those sanctions placed on their economy by the
US. Without this deal being in place, the younger and brighter members
of Iran's society will eventually leave in search of more opportunity
and advancement in other countries, which will result in a heavy
"brain drain" in Iran, but these sanctions being lifted will keep the
younger generation in the country.
[Posted by rainbowapple at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	The younger generation of Iran is unable to have any real say in
	their government. While they have the ability to vote, candidates are
	all vetted by the religious clergy. This means this "more educated"
	population have no real say in what truly happens in Iran.
	[Posted by unidolphin02 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Iran does not have a legitimate democracy. The elected leaders barely
	have any power and they don't make a difference. It doesn't matter how
	democratic the younger population is. Iran also has a high rate of
	unemployment among the younger population, meaning that none of the
	money that would come from a lifting of sanctions would go to the
	democrats you want to support anyways. All of the money is set up to
	fund the theocracy by going straight to bonyads. If anything, this
	younger generation is going to see that the lifting of sanctions
	didn't do anything for them, making them just as likely to turn
	against it.
	[Posted by AuntChilada at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Iran has a radical, theocratic government that can not be trusted.
While their government does have elected presidents, their
presidential candidates are vetted by a theocratic-driven group of
people who work for the supreme leader. The supreme leaders have been
seen as against anti-western, like Khomeini who was in charge of the
American hostage crisis. Also, they do support the idea of going to
war, as we have seen with the Iran-Iraq War. The young, liberal people
of Iran does not have any real say in who runs their government
either. The government is controlled by one religious authoritarian.
[Posted by unidolphin02 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Nuclear fuel, 2.4 cents per kilowatt-hour, is 10 times cheaper than
fuel produced from oil, 22.48 cents per kilowatt-hour. This is why
Nuclear fuel is better than oil which is what Iran currently uses. So
if we impose the Iran Nuclear Deal, then we would be limiting Iran's
capabilities to use Nuclear energy further putting Iran in an economic
strain which does not promote global cooperation. America's
isolationist days are over. We should work together as a world in
order to take down our new enemy, CHINA!
[Posted by Lazy-Assed at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

As a result of the sanctions, the unemployment rate in Iran is
increasing, and a result prices of basic necessities such as food and
fuel are being lifted, which is hurting the people of Iran in terms of
health. How can they survive if the prices of what they need such as
food is constantly being raised to the point where they are un-
affordable?
[Posted by rainbowapple at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

The biggest problem with the Iran Nuclear Deal is that it is a
temporary fix for a long term problem. The deal gives the US about ten
years of no nuclear warfare, but we all know that there is not a real
diplomatic relationship between the US and Iranians. This deal is more
of a way to appease the Iranian government. Moreover, Iran would
receive long term benefits for such a short term fix.
[Posted by unidolphin02 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

The democratic institutions of Iran are enough there to ensure there
isn't a widespread rejection of any form of government, as people
don't listen much to people who don't listen to them. Though the
authoritarian aspect of their government is hidden behind a religious
banner to justify it, strict sharia accordance, Islamic law, and
little Shia laws amongst it all. Given Iran's history of funding
terrorism, the nuclear deal will quite obviously allow them to develop
weapons to start trouble be it outright or through extremist puppets.
The 150 billion for whatever needed is dumb, Iran has plain-faced said
it wants Isreal blown off the map, they will not tolerate a Zionist
Jewish state in the area. If the deal were made obvious wars would get
started in MENA and that would in turn of course waste many innocent
American lives on the conflict. The inspections are something that
have lopeholes in them, the same as anything. Iran simply cannot be
reasoned with
[Posted by BlenShanegro at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

One of the pros for the nuclear deal is that as Americans we wouldn't
have to worry about a nuclear weapon being made for roughly about 10
years. Keeping Iran at a 5% uranium level would help us eliminate any
threat to the United States until we find a better solution.
[Posted by bamboozle at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	10 years is a lot of time for Iran to build a significant economic
	standing. Right now, we have leverage to pressure them because the are
	desperate. When they can no longer withstand the pressure, they will
	give in on their own accord, without being rewarded. The only way to
	keep the Islamic Extremists at bay is to continue to assert maximum
	pressure. The last thing we need is for them to be able to stockpile
	money.
	[Posted by AuntChilada at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

The sanctions being lifted are very good for Iran's economy. With the
sanctions against Iran, their economy is being crippled. Some of the
sanctions include difficulty for Iranian businesses to access
materials to make manufactured products, such as automobiles, metals,
and plastic. The worst of the sanctions, aim to cut off 80% of Iran's
oil revenue, which is a HUGE source of income in Iran, and as a result
has caused them to miss out of billions of dollars in income. Even
though Iran has other sources of income aside from oil, as a whole,
they are missing out on other aspects of revenue alongside the oil due
to the sanctions from the US, which is hurting their economy slowly
but surely.
[Posted by rainbowapple at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Why would they need to have a flourishing economy? Building nuclear
	weapons is expensive. Iran does not have a legitimate democracy; they
	cannot be trusted with a flourishing economy. Unless Iran establishes
	a civilized system of government, they cannot be trusted not to use
	their revenue to build nuclear weapons. Iran is a power-hungry regime,
	and the first thing they would do with the revenue from sanction
	removal, historically, will not be to give it to the people, it will
	be to invest in devastating nuclear power.
	[Posted by AuntChilada at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Due to the long history of the two countries being known enemies for
decades and constant threats from Iranian leaders, the United States
felt this nuclear deal would be the best way to ensure the safety of
their people within the country. Overall, there is a major distrust
between the two, leading to the question of “will we be hurt?” By
agreeing to the Nuclear Deal, the United States will have control over
how much uranium Iran can use. Uranium is a chemical substance that
has been used to concentrate energy for numerous years. This chemical
substance is also used to form nuclear weapons, weapons that can
ultimately kill thousands of people in an instant. With the agreement
of the deal, the United States would ensure that the people of the
United States would not receive any danger from the Iranian people.
[Posted by rpctdsamurai at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Iran does not have a civilized democracy. The Islamic theocracy has a
	long history of allowing terrorist groups to flourish. Needless to say
	based on recent historical events, Iran is not the most consistent or
	honest country. If they get the economic backing to continue their
	nuclear weapons program on their own, they won't care what the US is
	giving them. Once they gain independence, they will just continue to
	ensure permanent power for themselves through their nuclear weapons
	program. Citizens don't actually get any of the money, their economy
	is set up to send money to bonyands, not to give it back to the
	people. The revolutionary guard is not the people, they are the
	extremists that fund terrorists organizations like the bajis.
	[Posted by AuntChilada at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
