Title: As opposed to China and Vietnam, WHY is Russia NEVER gonna be CAPITALIST?
Posted by excon
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/As_opposed_to_China_and_Vietnam_WHY_is_Russia_NEVER_gonna_be_CAPITALIST

Comments:

If you don't understand capitalism, you'll NEVER understand
capitalism.. The problem isn't that people don't understand capitalism
you pretentious twit. The problem is that capitalism demonstrably
can't sustain itself because the gap between rich and poor keeps
growing exponentially. It's an unfair system which isn't much better
for the everyday person than feudalism. The only people who attempt to
defend it on an intellectual level are idiots or those whose
power/wealth depends upon its continuation.
[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T13:42:28+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

	The problem is that capitalism demonstrably can't sustain itself
	because the gap between rich and poor keeps growing exponentially The
	poor have nicer stuff now though.
	[Posted by Gonga at 2018-07-29T04:39:52+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

	capitalism demonstrably can't sustain itself Demonstrably is the key
	word here. Not only has Capitalism sustained itself, it has created
	wealth such that the world has never seen at a pace never conceived of
	for increasing numbers of people at the peak of our population. These
	facts are demonstrable and observable . What is not demonstrable is
	the defunct theory that at some future point capitalism (economic
	freedom) cannot sustain itself.
	[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-28T14:01:05+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

		Demonstrably is the key word here. Idiot is the key word. Not only
		has Capitalism sustained itself LOL. Did it sustain itself in Rwanda
		during the 1990s? Did it sustain itself in Libya under Colonel
		Gaddafi? Did it sustain itself in Zimbabwe under Mugabe when inflation
		reached 800 billion percent? Did it sustain itself in 2008 when the
		global economy had to be bailed out with trillions of dollars of
		SOCIALIST TAXPAYER MONEY? As always Amarel, literally everything you
		say is a lie. You are a liar and you are a supremacist far right Jew.
		Basically the worst kind of person there is: a Jew who agrees with the
		Nazis.
		[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T14:26:51+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

			You clearly don’t know what capitalism is. Hell, you don’t even seem
			to know it means to trade something.
			[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-28T14:33:40+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

				You clearly don’t know what capitalism is. Yawn... Your slander is
				boring, stupid and (as always) empty of any truth. I don't care what
				your opinion is about anything because you are a lying authoritarian
				Jew who only cares about his own interests. Hell, you don’t even seem
				to know it means to trade something. I understand enough to know that
				you don't pay both the seller and the labourer for the same item, you
				stupid lying dickhead.
				[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T14:40:24+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

	The problem is that capitalism demonstrably can't sustain itself
	because the gap between rich and poor keeps growing exponentially.
	Hello commie: You're talking about UNFETTERED capitalism.. I'm a
	STRONG believer in FETTERING the shit out of capitalism. For example,
	I would absolutely FETTER the payday loan industry OUT of existence
	because it's DESIGNED to RIP OFF the poor.. I would ABSOLUTELY fetter
	the banking industry.. I would FETTER the tax system so the 1% once
	again, shares the wealth.. I would FETTER the minimum wage law... I
	would FETTER the health care system so that EVERYBODY had quality
	care.. In fact, you could call me the FETTERER in chief. I could go on
	and on, but I think you understand.. Or, maybe not.. It's like I
	said.. You don't understand capitalism and you never WILL understand
	capitalism.. excon
	[Posted by excon at 2018-07-28T14:03:30+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

		I also have a strong urge to bend you over Con. I wish you were
		younger, like 3.
		[Posted by Conservenazi at 2018-07-28T17:50:25+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

		You're talking about UNFETTERED capitalism. Shut up, idiot. I'm
		talking about capitalism. You are trying to invent a "bad" form of
		capitalism so that you can pretend that there is a "good" form of
		capitalism. This is stupid and dishonest of you. It is not an
		aberration of capitalism when poverty, homelessness and starvation
		emerge. These are consequences of capitalism.
		[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T14:21:56+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

		I agree! (excon),but it's not capitalism that's to blame, it's the
		ABUSE of capitalism, [read], the LOBBYING paid for BY the capitalists
		that has made it a bad thing. Adam Smith, one of our founding fathers,
		wrote THE book on capitalism. At least, what THEY thought capitalism
		should be! Its titled "The Wealth of Nations". If lobbying hadn't
		turned it into a bad thing, if it were still as our founders
		envisioned it, it WOULD be a good thing, still! A few lines from it:
		"The necessities of life occasion the great expense of the poor. They
		find it difficult to get food, and the greater part of their little
		revenue is spent getting it. The luxuries and vanities of life
		occasion the principle expense of the rich and a magnificent house
		[and yacht] embellishes and sets off to the best advantage all the
		other luxuries and vanities they possess. It is not very unreasonable
		that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in
		proportion to their revenue, but something MORE than that proportion."
		THAT is how capitalism is SUPPOSED to be … as envisioned by our
		founding fathers. Today, they pay a pittance of taxes, another
		pittance to "charity", and go buy another $40M yacht …. while another
		[expensive] lobbyist is working for them in Washington! To get back to
		the question, When we become an oligarchy, like Russia, those
		expensive lobbyists will no longer be needed, they can make any rule
		they wish, as long as the top oligarchs agree with it. Screw the
		people!
		[Posted by AlofRI at 2018-07-28T15:44:00+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

			It's not capitalism that's to blame, it's the ABUSE of capitalism
			Congratulations on being completely sucked in by capitalists.
			Capitalism can't possibly be a flawed theory. We must be doing
			something wrong when we start to see lots of poor people.
			[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T15:56:40+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

				How can you say I am "sucked in by capitalists" when I post AGAINST
				capitalism all the time! This is an OPINION site, and I have a right
				to my opinion. My opinion is that capitalism has its place, capitalism
				CAN be good, Capitalism MUST be controlled or it IS bad, and I am a
				democratic socialist. I think capitalism as it is today REALLY sucks,
				it is THE CAUSE of so many poor (or struggling) people. Where did that
				"Capitalism can't possibly be a flawed theory" come from?? CERTAINLY
				NOT ME! It IS flawed, it HAS BEEN flawed … especially since Reagan and
				certainly since conservatives took over the Congress and Senate (and
				the SCOTUS passed Citizens United!) Russia will never be capitalist,
				except for the powerful. It is an oligarchy, and WE are headed the
				same way thanx to "the rich and famous" who have taken control of the
				government that USED to be By, FOR and OF the people. Capitalists and
				their lobbyists are destroying America WITH uncontrolled capitalism!
				VOTE THEM OUT!
				[Posted by AlofRI at 2018-07-29T14:30:14+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

					How can you say I am "sucked in by capitalists" when I post AGAINST
					capitalism all the time! You aren't against capitalism, you're for
					limiting it with state regulation. This is an OPINION site This is a
					debate site, and the mere use of the word opinion offends me. For me,
					debate is about arguing it out until both parties understand the
					actual truth, not about bickering back and forth with vacuous
					subjective opinions. I have a right to my opinion. When people say
					that all I hear is "I have the right to be objectively incorrect and
					try to justify it by personalizing and owning my stupidity with the
					word opinion". My opinion is that capitalism has its place, capitalism
					CAN be good Something either works or it doesn't in real life, if
					something is good then it's fucking good, if you knew what you where
					talking about you wouldn't be whining about opinions. Capitalists and
					their lobbyists are destroying America WITH uncontrolled capitalism!
					Then become a real socialist like me and Nom and stop supporting the
					system. VOTE THEM OUT! Voting will do you no good when it's the same
					uncontrolled capitalist activity that decides who gets into the
					fucking white house. The whole system needs to be uprooted.
					[Posted by Factology at 2018-07-29T14:43:30+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

						You aren't against capitalism, you're for limiting it with state
						regulation. Exactly. He has right wing beliefs which he tries to
						justify with left wing ideology. For example: capitalism is inherently
						good (right wing belief) but abuses and corruption have been prevalent
						(left wing ideology).
						[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T14:52:20+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

				Poverty’s the starting point. Increased capitalism has brought
				decreases in poverty. You have demonstrated a complete
				misunderstanding of value, trade, and capitalism itself. You have
				additionally lied to ignore obvious and observable facts, such as the
				worldwide increase in wealth with increased economic freedom. As such
				your opinion on economic matters is completely invalidated.
				[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-28T16:15:10+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

					Poverty’s the starting point. Another demonstrable piece of idiotic
					untrue bullshit. Monarchist Britain wasn't poor. It was just that the
					riches were confined to too few places, the same as happens under
					capitalism. Increased capitalism has brought decreases in poverty.
					Also obviously false. Increased capitalism has brought decreases in
					poverty for SOME PEOPLE, while others have become relatively poorer.
					That's the way it works when you have finite resources. When one
					person gains more power over those resources then that necessarily
					means others have to lose it. You have demonstrated a complete
					misunderstanding of value, trade, and capitalism itself. The complete
					opposite is true. You claimed labourers gained the full product of
					their labour, which negates the entire reason Communism was invented.
					You literally just write incoherent nonsense and follow it up by
					claiming it proves I'm wrong about everything. Nothing you say is true
					because you are a fucking lying idiot who contradicts himself every
					third sentence.
					[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T16:26:18+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

						Another demonstrable piece of idiotic untrue bullshit. You’re always
						so obviously backwards. All of humanity started off in poverty. Wealth
						was created slowly over time. Monarchists confiscates value and
						poverty persisted. Capitalism requires the institution of property
						rights, which hinders others, such as monarchs and communists, from
						confiscating the wealth I created. That’s one reason why the world has
						been increasingly better off as capitalism has spread. You’ll never
						win. Increased capitalism has brought decreases in poverty for SOME
						PEOPLE, while others have become relatively poorer. Relatively is the
						key word here. I have become more wealthy over the course of time. My
						absolute wealth has increased despite being relatively destitute
						compared to Bill Gates. Relative poverty doesn’t matter so long as
						absolute poverty decreases. With Capitalism, absolute poverty
						decreases. It has the added benefit of being morally correct. When one
						person gains more power over those resources then that necessarily
						means others have to lose it. If resources were not limited, nothing
						would be for sale. However, wealth is not limited. Someone gaining
						wealth does not necessitate someone else loosing wealth. This is
						because trade is not a zero sum game. Others will understand even
						though you don’t. You claimed labourers gained the full product of
						their labour, which negates the entire reason Communism was invented.
						Communism is negated, that’s true. But that only makes communism
						illegitimate. Two kinds of people propagate Marxism and communism;
						Rubes who are duped and end up killed, and frauds who expect to come
						out on top If they get their way. Ultimately, a few of them come out
						on top. I take you for the former.
						[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-28T18:55:16+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

							You’re always so obviously backwards. Do you have anything other than
							empty rhetoric, Amarel? No offence but I'm getting extremely bored of
							the delusional things you say. All of humanity started off in poverty.
							Poverty is when you have less than other people you idiotic fucking
							dickhead. At least learn the meaning of the words you use in your own
							lies. When humanity started off there was no poverty and no riches,
							you fucking idiot. It is systems such as capitalism which have
							introduced financial inequality into our lives. It is not the default
							human condition you sophist Nazi wanker. Capitalism requires the
							institution of property rights, which hinders others, such as monarchs
							and communists, from confiscating the wealth I created. It didn't
							hinder Hitler very much. Or Mugabe. Or Gaddafi. Or Kagame. Or any of
							the other hundreds of dictators who have all done precisely what you
							claim cannot be done. That’s one reason why the world has been
							increasingly better off as capitalism has spread. The world was
							becoming increasingly better off for tens of thousands of years before
							capitalism spread because that is the way evolution and progress work:
							things get better over time. Filthy liar that you are, it appears you
							are trying to conflate technological evolution with capitalism.
							Technological evolution demonstrably occurs under every system ever
							developed, so to claim capitalism is its cause contradicts the
							historical record and once again exposes you as a purposeful deceiver.
							Why don't you look up who invented satellite technology, dickhead?
							You’ll never win. On the contrary, I can't lose. The days of parasites
							like you, who get fat off the hard work of other people is rapidly
							coming to an end and you know it as well as I do. Relatively is the
							key word here. You don't get to define the emphasis in other people's
							writing, you narcissistic Nazi cretin. Shut up. I have become more
							wealthy over the course of time You have become wealthy from the
							subjugation of your own species, which makes you a monster. My
							absolute wealth has increased despite being relatively destitute
							compared to Bill Gates. Without even reading anything more I already
							know the deception you are angling for, because I have pointed it out
							to you approximately six times previously. As wages (i.e. wealth) rise
							so do the price of goods. This is called inflation and it is the part
							of capitalism which GUARANTEES that few people will ever become very
							wealthy. Relative poverty doesn’t matter If I am relatively poorer
							than the people who lived two hundred years ago then clearly that
							matters extraordinarily because it proves capitalism doesn't work you
							idiotic fucking dickhead. Why can't you just shut up? Why do you have
							to go on and on and on, looking for different angles to sell the exact
							same pack of lies? With Capitalism, absolute poverty decreases There
							is no such thing as absolute poverty because poverty can only be
							measured relative to something which isn't poverty, you insanely
							ignorant, cretinously stupid, economically illiterate imbecile.
							Poverty is a by-product of hierarchical systems of economy such as
							capitalism. You are literally claiming that the cause of poverty has
							improved poverty and it makes me want to punch you straight in your
							lying Jewish face. If resources were not limited, nothing would be for
							sale. Good. If nothing was for sale, bastards like you couldn't get
							rich from exploitation. Are you actually trying to convince me that it
							is better I pay for something than get it for free? Someone gaining
							wealth does not necessitate someone else loosing wealth. You are
							contradicting basic maths and the previous post in which I debunked
							this fucking farcical nonsense. If the resources are finite and we
							represent them with the number 100, and Ted owns 50 and Bill owns 40,
							then it is MATHEMATICALLY IMPOSSIBLE for Steve to surpass 10 without
							either Ted or Bill getting poorer. Stop saying ridiculous things and
							shut the fuck up you retard. This is because trade is not a zero sum
							game LOL. Right. Maths is wrong because "trade is not a zero sum
							game". Good one. Your obscure little platitude is a logical red
							herring which does not serve to justify your premise in any visible
							capacity. In fact, nobody claimed trade was a zero sum game in the
							first place, which also makes it a straw man argument. You are just
							writing literal nonsense and trying to leap over your lack of reason
							by throwing out vague political catchphrases. It's fucking pathetic.
							Others will understand even though you don’t. Do not try to use the
							Emperor Has No Clothes fallacy on me, you idiotic subhuman twit. You
							cannot explain the reasoning behind your argument because it
							contradicts the laws of mathematics and it is as simple as that.
							[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T19:35:52+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

								You have become wealthy from the subjugation of your own species,
								which makes you a monster. You claimed you were well off...
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:47:50+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

									You claimed you were well off... No, you are lying again, You claimed
									I said I was poor and I called you a liar. That isn't the same as
									saying I am "well off". You're getting more stupid by the hour,
									bronto. I mean it.
									[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T00:07:34+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

										Of course we both know this is nonsense, don't we? You couldn't
										possibly be on here this much and have a job, now coulf you?
										[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-29T00:17:56+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											You couldn't possibly be on here this much and have a job, now coulf
											you? Bronto, you have literally written eight times more posts than
											anybody else on this entire website on JUST YOUR MAIN ACCOUNT, not
											counting the dozens of alts you use to proliferate your vile Zio-
											fascist propaganda. The listings are on the front page for everybody
											to see. Hypocrisy and double standards just come naturally to you,
											don't they?
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T00:23:05+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												Bronto, you have literally written eight times more posts than
												anybody else on this entire website on JUST YOUR MAIN ACCOUNT Nut uh.
												not counting the dozens of alts you use to proliferate your vile Zio-
												fascist propaganda. I have one account. You are mistaken. The listings
												are on the front page for everybody to see. Hypocrisy and double
												standards just come naturally to you, don't they? You imagined the
												whole thing.
												[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-29T17:00:57+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

												Hypocrisy and double standards just come naturally to you, don't
												they? But without double standards, you'd have no standards though.
												https://youtu.be/FWS1Q2dNPiU
												[Posted by MontysPython at 2018-07-29T05:52:21+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

								The world was becoming increasingly better off for tens of thousands
								of years before capitalism spread because that is the way evolution
								and progress work: things get better over time. The modern west is the
								richest civilization in history because of...capitalism...
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:46:35+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

								You are contradicting basic maths and the previous post in which I
								debunked this fucking farcical nonsense. If the resources are finite
								and we represent them with the number 100, and Ted owns 50 and Bill
								owns 40, then it is MATHEMATICALLY IMPOSSIBLE for Steve to surpass 10
								without either Ted or Bill getting poorer. Stop saying ridiculous
								things and shut the fuck up you retard. If Ted's 40 is 500 million
								dollars, wtf is Ted bitching about like a hound?
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:49:42+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

								Poverty is when you have less than other people you idiotic fucking
								dickhead So a millionaire is in poverty because billionaires exist...
								Tired of being a helmet wearer yet nom?
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T20:36:10+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

									So a millionaire is in poverty because billionaires exist... No
									bronto, a millionaire is in poverty IF ONLY BILLIONAIRES EXIST. LEARN
									TO READ ENGLISH, DICKHEAD.
									[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T21:08:58+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

										No bronto, a millionaire is in poverty IF ONLY BILLIONAIRES EXIST.
										1)Right...because if only billionaires exist, there are
										millionaires... 2)Let us look at what you actually said. "Poverty is
										when you have less than other people you idiotic fucking dickhead" 3)I
										have less than my neighbor. I am not in poverty...
										[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T21:32:42+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											I have less than my neighbor. I am not in poverty... Your neighbour
											is not other people. Your neighbour is one other person. Honestly,
											you're just fucking pathetic. You can't even hide behind an attack on
											semantics without contradicting yourself. Idiot.
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T22:04:16+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												Your neighbour is not other people. Your neighbour is one other
												person. There are people everywhere with more than me. I am not in
												poverty.
												[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T22:51:17+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

												Honestly, you're just fucking pathetic. You can't even hide behind an
												attack on semantics without contradicting yourself. Incoherant
												ramblings
												[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T22:51:49+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											Right...because if only billionaires exist, there are millionaires...
											Our entire conversation has been about a millionaire so either you
											have a 30 second memory or you think attacking semantics will stop you
											drowning in your own spectacular stupidity. Let me write this really
											slowly so it penetrates that rock thick neo-Nazi skull... The
											millionaire in our example is only in poverty if everybody else in the
											world except him is a billionaire. You purposefully misrepresented
											this fact because you are a deceiver and a filthy Jew supremacist
											swine. And stop upvoting yourself you fucking dunce. You're an idiot
											with nothing intelligent to say about any topic on Earth. Literally
											nobody on this website would upvote one of your posts, ever.
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T21:54:04+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												Let us examine how a human with chimpanzee intellect thinks things
												out... No bronto, a millionaire is in poverty IF ONLY BILLIONAIRES
												EXIST.
												[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T22:58:19+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

												And stop upvoting yourself you fucking dunce I have no upvotes.
												Crack's kicking in eh nom?
												[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T22:59:34+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

												The millionaire in our example is only in poverty if everybody else
												in the world except him is a billionaire. If you have 20 homes, a
												houseboat, 50,000 acres of land, and everyone else has more...you are
												not in poverty...
												[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:06:40+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

								It is systems such as capitalism which have introduced financial
								inequality into our lives There was financial inequality long before
								Capitalism. There is financial inequality in far left leaning
								nations...
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T21:00:01+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

									There was financial inequality long before Capitalism. I said SYSTEMS
									SUCH AS CAPITALISM because I was referencing hierarchical systems of
									economy. Learn to read English you silly twat.
									[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T21:07:36+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

										I said SYSTEMS SUCH AS CAPITALISM Reality is capitalist without any
										needs for systems. Even kidspractice it by trading cards and marbels
										and toys.
										[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T21:31:08+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											Reality is capitalist You are a retard with nothing intelligent to
											say. Shut the fuck up you absurdly dishonest failure of the species.
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T21:59:10+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												So no rebuttal. No surprise there...
												[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:00:48+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											Even kidspractice it by trading cards Kids in Germany used to
											practice swearing allegiance to Hitler. Another practice I am sure you
											sympathise with.
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T22:07:31+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												Kids in Germany used to practice swearing allegiance to Hitler.
												Another practice I am sure you sympathise with. 1)So no rebuttal to
												capitalism being natural. 2)Naaah. I have no need for socialist white
												guys who trash Christianity and praise Islam.
												[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T22:49:57+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											People have exchanged goods for services since the dawn of man.
											[Posted by UncleWanker at 2018-07-28T21:41:18+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

									Your entire planet is about to end. I am preparing my armada now.
									[Posted by Nemesis1 at 2018-07-28T21:28:57+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

										Excellent news. If you go after China, I will eat you last. *
										[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T21:31:47+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

								It didn't hinder Hitler very much. Who was a rabid socialist...
								https://en.m.wikiquote.org/wiki/Adolf Hitler Or Mugabe. Ideologically
								an African nationalist, during the 1970s and 1980s he identified as a
								Marxist–Leninist, although after the 1990s self-identified only as a
								socialist. His policies have been described as Mugabeism."
								https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert Mugabe Or Gaddafi. An
								Islamist... Claiming Islam is far right? And you can't understand why
								we think libs are bafoons concerning Islam... The further right they
								are, the more you defend them eh nom? That is until you need to throw
								an Islamist into a list of evil dictators for debate expediency...
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T21:12:22+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

									Who was a rabid socialist... You're a fucking liar bronto. The Nazis
									were the precise political opposite of socialists. Nazism is a form of
									fascism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazism Stop telling lies you
									fucking worthless toad.
									[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-28T21:57:36+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

										Since we are socialists, we must necessarily also be antisemites
										because we want to fight against the very opposite: materialism and
										mammonism… How can you not be an antisemite, being a socialist! "Why
										We Are Anti-Semites," August 15, 1920 speech in Munich at the
										Hofbräuhaus. Translated from Vierteljahrshefte für Zeitgeschichte, 16.
										Jahrg., 4. H. (Oct., 1968), pp. 390-420. Edited by Carolyn Yeager. [2]
										Because it seems inseparable from the social idea and we do not
										believe that there could ever exist a state with lasting inner health
										if it is not built on internal social justice, and so we have joined
										forces with this knowledge. "Why We Are Anti-Semites," August 15, 1920
										speech in Munich at the Hofbräuhaus. Translated from Vierteljahrshefte
										für Zeitgeschichte, 16. Jahrg., 4. H. (Oct., 1968), pp. 390-420.
										Edited by Carolyn Yeager. [3] There are only two possibilities in
										Germany; do not imagine that the people will forever go with the
										middle party, the party of compromises; one day it will turn to those
										who have most consistently foretold the coming ruin and have sought to
										dissociate themselves from it. And that party is either the Left: and
										then God help us! for it will lead us to complete destruction - to
										Bolshevism, or else it is a party of the Right which at the last, when
										the people is in utter despair, when it has lost all its spirit and
										has no longer any faith in anything, is determined for its part
										ruthlessly to seize the reins of power - that is the beginning of
										resistance of which I spoke a few minutes ago. Here, too, there can be
										no compromise - there are only two possibilities: either victory of
										the Aryan, or annihilation of the Aryan and the victory of the Jew.
										Munich - Speech of April 12, 1922 At the founding of this Movement we
										formed the decision that we would give expression to this idea of ours
										of the identity of the two conceptions: despite all warnings, on the
										basis of what we had come to believe, on the basis of the sincerity of
										our will, we christened it "National Socialist.' We said to ourselves
										that to be 'national' means above everything to act with a boundless
										and all-embracing love for the people and, if necessary, even to die
										for it. And similarly to be 'social' means so to build up the state
										and the community of the people that every individual acts in the
										interest of the community of the people and must be to such an extent
										convinced of the goodness, of the honorable straightforwardness of
										this community of the people as to be ready to die for it. Munich -
										Speech of April 12, 1922 There are no such things as classes: they
										cannot be. Class means caste and caste means race. Munich - Speech of
										April 12, 1922
										[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:02:15+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

										There are no such things as classes: they cannot be. Class means
										caste and caste means race. Munich - Speech of April 12, 1922 If the
										National Socialist Movement should fail to understand the fundamental
										importance of this essential principle [race], if it should merely
										varnish the external appearance of the present State and adopt the
										majority principle, it would really do nothing more than compete with
										Marxism on its own ground. Mein Kampf, Volume 2, Chapter IV,
										“Personality and the Ideal of the People’s State,” Trans. Marco
										Roberto, MVR, 2015, p. 33, first published 1926 In our movement the
										two extremes come together: the Communists from the Left and the
										officers and students. These two have always been the most active
										elements, and it was the greatest crime that they used to oppose each
										other in street fights… Our party has already succeeded in uniting
										these two utter extremes within the ranks of our storm troops. They
										will form the core of the great German liberation movement, in which
										all without distinction will stand together when the day comes to say:
										‘The Nation arises, the storm is breaking!’ As quoted in Der Fuehrer:
										Hitler’s Rise to Power, Konrad Heiden, Boston, MA, Beacon Press, 1969,
										p. 147, first published 1944. Part of Hitler’s quote also cited in
										Totalitarianism: Part Three of The Origins of Totalitarianism, Hannah
										Arendt, A Harvest Book, 1985, footnote, p. 7 Zweites Buch (1928)
										Online at the Internet Archive The National Socialist Movement, on the
										contrary, will always let its foreign policy be determined by the
										necessity to secure the space necessary to the life of our Folk. It
										knows no Germanising or Teutonising, as in the case of the national
										bourgeoisie, but only the spread of its own Folk. It will never see in
										the subjugated, so called Germanised, Czechs or Poles a national, let
										alone Folkish, strengthening, but only the racial weakening of our
										Folk.
										[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:04:02+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

										https://en.m.wikiquote.org/wiki/ Adolf_Hitler
										[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:04:46+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

								because that is the way evolution and progress work: things get
								better over time. Things got better under capitalism. I'll assume you
								don't want to live in Britain pre capitalism... Probably a safe bet...
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:51:21+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

								because that is the way evolution and progress work: things get
								better over time. Things got better under capitalism. I'll assume you
								don't want to live in Europia pre capitalism... Probably a safe bet...
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:51:37+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

									Things got better under capitalism. And every other system, including
									Communism and Nazism. Your point appears to be that you have no point.
									I am summarily shocked at this because you are usually such an
									insightful and profound contributor. ROFLMAO.
									[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T00:04:59+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

								Technological evolution demonstrably occurs under every system ever
								developed Show us technology advancing under Timocracy.
								[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T23:54:08+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

									Show us technology advancing under Timocracy. Jesus Christ you're
									just so inexplicably insane. Give me an example of a timocratic
									civilisation and I will explain how and why it was more
									technologically advanced at its end than it was at its beginning. P.S.
									"Developed" implies it has been tried and isn't a theoretical
									construct derived from the minds of drunken Greek philosophers.
									[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T00:03:07+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

								Do you have anything other than empty rhetoric, Amarel? Sure, you
								just usually respond to the sentences that are less substantive
								because you’re a troll. No offence but Haha ok. Poverty is when you
								have less than other people Add wealth to the list of things you don’t
								understand. Relative wealth compares yours to that of others. Absolute
								wealth compares yours to a given baseline, usually on a timeline.
								Everyone has less than other people most of the time. The single
								richest person in the world will not maintain that financial position.
								Does that mean they are in poverty when they have less than other
								people? No, of course not. When humanity started off there was no
								poverty and no riches The first time animals manufactured things, they
								created value. The first time people traded, they created wealth.
								Money is not the same as wealth. I suppose money is also on the list
								of things you don’t understand. It is systems such as capitalism which
								have introduced financial inequality into our lives. Economic freedom
								(capitalism) is not that old. Financial inequality is much older.
								Under capitalism, financial inequality doesn’t matter. The difference
								is property rights, which I suppose you also don’t understand. It
								didn't hinder Hitler very much. Or Mugabe. Or Gaddafi. Or Kagame. Or
								any of the other hundreds of dictators Right. They didn’t have strong
								institutions meant to protect property rights which, as I said, are
								required for capitalism. Do you know what that means? It means that
								the lack of property rights, such as that under dictators, is not
								capitalism. The world was becoming increasingly better off for tens of
								thousands of years before capitalism spread because that is the way
								evolution and progress work It’s cute that you think wealth creation
								is a product of evolution. But North Koreans are the same species as
								South Koreans. The human ability to keep information over time allowed
								for a very slow improvement over time despite the lack of appropriate
								economic institutions. Discovering healthy economic institutions, such
								as property rights and free enterprise, allowed for the massive
								improvements that never occur where they are not present. As they
								become more present in more places, the improvement has spread. Again,
								North VS South Korea (same species). 1970’s Hong Kong VS 1970’s China
								(same species) 1980’s East and West Germany (same species). Pre-USSR
								VS Post-USSR Estonia (Same species). The list really goes on and on.
								Evolution didn’t do it, Capitalist institutions did. Why don't you
								look up who invented satellite technology, dickhead? You mean while
								their people starved being told to be patient for yet another 5 year
								central plan? The USA was creating the same tech while our poor
								acquired obesity problems. And the tech was superior too. On the
								contrary, I can't lose. I only wish you actually acted on your
								beliefs. If you do, the people defending themselves against you will
								kill you. As wages (i.e. wealth) rise so do the price of goods. This
								is called inflation and it is the part of capitalism which GUARANTEES
								that few people will ever become very wealthy. Ok. So inflation is
								another concept you don’t grasp. Wages, like money, is not the same as
								wealth. Inflation occurs when the supply of money increases. It causes
								the trade value of a unit of money to decrease, which causes the
								prices of goods and services (such as labor) to increase. If it
								happens slowly and predictably, it has no impact on wealth. Deflation
								can also occur, and it’s worse than slow inflation. This is because
								the trade value of goods and services (rather than money) goes down.
								It used to happen all time under the gold standard, which was also
								capitalistic. More and more people are becoming more and more wealthy
								all the time, despite inflation. Here’s a tip. If you want to
								understand economics, read an author who knows economics rather than
								Marx If I am relatively poorer than the people who lived two hundred
								years ago then clearly that matters Right, because absolute wealth has
								increased over time. You are richer now than if you lived 200 years
								ago, thanks to capitalism. But wealth within a system (or economic
								unit) over time is absolute wealth. Relative wealth, which is what we
								are discussing, is a measure of what you currently have compared to
								others within a system. That doesn’t matter. Why can't you just shut
								up? If you want people like me to shut up, you will have to physically
								shut us up. But you’re a man of words on the internet. Why do you have
								to go on and on and on Because on occasion it is fun to teach people
								about economics. Correcting your economic ignorance seems like as good
								a time as any. There is no such thing as absolute poverty I’ll add
								this to your extensive list of things you do not understand. Poverty
								is a by-product of hierarchical systems of economy such as capitalism.
								There is no such thing as a non-hierarchical economic system. That’s
								because people value different things differently. Which means they
								will value what others offer differently. Which means people will
								trade different amounts of value to different people differently. All
								attempts to destroy economic hierarchy destroy people’s freedom to
								interact as they choose and ultimately destroy people. it makes me
								want to punch you straight in your lying Jewish face. You always have
								talked tough from the safety of your anonymity. There are people who
								promote the free market, just like I do, where you live. Go punch them
								in the face. Seriously. Right after the the greedy bastards refuse to
								buy your $10,000 glass of water. Are you actually trying to convince
								me that it is better I pay for something than get it for free?
								Resources ARE Limited. There are no free lunches. Someone always pays.
								Things do not become more available but by economic freedom. You are
								contradicting basic maths No I’m not. You’re conflating money and
								wealth. It’s the reason you believe trade is a zero sum game. It’s
								not. I have thoroughly explained why. If the resources are finite and
								we represent them with the number 100, and Ted owns 50 and Bill owns
								40, then it is MATHEMATICALLY IMPOSSIBLE for Steve to surpass 10
								without either Ted or Bill getting poorer. Resources are finite,
								wealth is not. If Steve uses his 10 resource units to build a house,
								while Bill and Ted do nothing with their combined 90, then Steve
								becomes wealthier. A grove of trees is not worth as much as the
								beautiful cabin one might produce with them. That’s wealth creation.
								If Ted is building houses with his resources and Bill is building
								boats, and they trade, then more wealth is created in the trade alone.
								Both are better off than before they traded since now they both have
								houses and boats, rather than one or the other. shut the fuck up you
								retard. No. You can do absolutely nothing to halt my promotion of
								sound economic principles. If I am not informing people here, I am
								doing it elsewhere. This is why you display your impotence every time
								you make demands of me. I don’t mind because you also display my
								liberty. nobody claimed trade was a zero sum game in the first place
								No, but your arguments and examples demonstrate that you believe this
								to be the case. vague political catchphrases It’s a common economic
								phrase. Do not try to use the Emperor Has No Clothes fallacy on me I
								think you mean appeal to popular majority. I’m not appealing to the
								majority, I am addressing them. The majority can clearly understand
								what I am saying, your misrepresentations notwithstanding.
								[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T00:43:06+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

									Sure, you just usually respond to the sentences that are less
									substantive because you’re a troll. You claim your sentences are
									"substantive" and I'm the troll? Ahahahaha! If by "substantive" you
									mean that they contradict themselves with unerring frequency then I
									agree. Otherwise, you're just another pathetic far right wanker who
									has stayed up half the night to write me a ten thousand word love
									letter because you're desperate to feel like you have defeated me. A
									classic symptom of narcissism, given that you have absolutely no
									legitimate argument, very little intelligence and only a small bag of
									deceptions from which to draw. Given the incredible length of your
									essay, it seems the only advantage you have over me is time. Add
									wealth to the list of things you don’t understand. This is another
									immature ad hominem attack with no relationship to anything. You might
									as well accuse me of having a big nose, child. If you can't refute my
									argument then just fucking well say so. Don't try to deflect your way
									out of it by making generic, deliberately vague accusations with no
									basis in fact. Relative wealth compares yours to that of others.
									Absolute wealth compares yours to a given baseline Who gives this
									baseline? BECAUSE UNLESS IT IS GOD, IT IS NOT AN ABSOLUTE BASELINE, IS
									IT? How can you be this fucking wilfully stupid just for the sake of
									arguing with me? There is no universal baseline on what constitutes
									wealthy and hence there is no absolute wealth. DOES IT COMPUTE YOU
									STUPID, LANGUAGE-ABUSING NEO-NAZI WANK STAIN? The first time animals
									manufactured things, they created value So, to repeat, when humanity
									started off there was no poverty and no riches. I am perplexed as to
									why you think I would be OK with you changing what the argument is
									about, while simultaneously pretending you haven't just changed what
									the argument is about. Would you like a chance to go back and read
									what the subject of the argument was? Because you seem to be extremely
									confused. Economic freedom (capitalism) is not that old Economic
									slavery (capitalism) forces people to work to create wealth for a
									select few individuals, and to pay the cost for those individuals when
									it all goes wrong, as we saw illustrated in 2008. You have provided us
									with no reasoning on why you equate monetary pyramid systems with
									freedom, and grandiloquent claims such as these require extensive
									proofs. It appears that all you are interested in doing is abusing
									language to create pro-capitalist propaganda which falls apart at the
									first hint of scrutiny. It’s cute that you think wealth creation is a
									product of evolution It's much cuter that you think wealth is
									objectively created. It's almost childlike in its naivety. Wealth
									doesn't exist objectively at all, so it is hilarious that you could
									actually be stupid enough to believe something which doesn't
									physically exist can be created. When banks make profit from risking
									other people's money they "create" a series of numbers on a computer
									screen. The value we give to all forms of wealth is entirely arbitrary
									(i.e. it is decided by us) but you seem to be arguing that there is
									some sort of invisible, magnificent deity who has a "baseline" for
									deciding how much wealth is worth. It's very amusing because it's just
									so stupid and obviously false. Thanks for the essay, but I'm bored of
									reading it now because you are so stupid and dishonest. It makes me
									sick reading your lies if I'm absolutely honest. You twist, warp and
									manipulate language in any way possible to disguise your glaring
									fallacies and when that fails you just resort to textbook denial. You
									mean while their people starved Your people are starving too, so
									hadn't you better get your own house in order before criticising
									dictatorships from seventy years ago? What does that even have to do
									with who invented satellite technology in the first place? It has
									nothing to do with it, does it? You just ignored my argument
									completely, changed the subject and attacked me. Well, two can play at
									that game I'm afraid. Here are some facts about poverty in America:-
									US infant mortality rates in 2013 were the highest in the developed
									world. US inequality levels are far higher than those in most European
									countries Neglected tropical diseases, including Zika, are
									increasingly common in the USA. It has been estimated that 12 million
									Americans live with a neglected parasitic infection In terms of access
									to water and sanitation the US ranks 36th in the world. In the OECD
									the US ranks 35th out of 37 in terms of poverty and inequality.
									https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/ dec/15/ extreme-poverty-
									america-un-special- monitor-report So, as you can see, you are the pot
									calling the kettle black, aren't you? Ok. So inflation is another
									concept you don’t grasp. OK, I'm done reading. This is a pointless
									discussion because you are delusional, stupid and dishonest. Every
									single time you lose a point you respond by telling me I don't
									understand. That is not debate. That is mental illness.
									[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T01:26:51+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

										OK, I'm done reading. Ok. It wasn’t really for you, but thanks for
										providing the backdrop against which I could educate on basic economic
										principles. For further examples and more in depth descriptions of the
										concepts that Nom can’t grasp, I recommend any given macroeconomics
										text book. Charles Mankiw is comprehensive. If you’re ambitious you
										can try “Human Action” by Mises. You can also check literally any
										prominent economist at all for further support of my positions on
										supply and demand, the principles of trade (such as mutual benefit),
										wealth creation, inflation causes and effects, and anything else I
										referred to. As a warning, be sure to read the works of actual
										economists rather than sociologists such as Marx. They lack necessary
										rigor and understanding of economic issues and too often drive their
										data with their bias rather than vice verse.
										[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T02:03:30+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											Ok. It wasn’t really for you Who are you under the impression you
											replied to, you delusional narcissistic moron? but thanks for
											providing the backdrop against which I could educate on basic economic
											principles. Just more of the same empty rhetoric you have been posting
											all day and night. "I am king of the world and I have educated you
											about everything!" Your claims lack an iota of reasoned argument or
											material evidence to support them, and when they are disproved you
											ignore it completely. It requires no skill to detach yourself from
											reality and make unreasonable statements, so I am perplexed why you
											even bother. You can also check literally any prominent economist at
											all for further support of my positions LOL. You contradicted the most
											basic laws of mathematics you fucking IDIOT!!!!!! You can check
											literally any math teacher in the entire world for further proof that
											everything you have thus far said is stupid and demonstrably false.
											You don't understand what the concept of finite means or why it proves
											that wealth is relative to resources. It isn't that what you are
											saying is false. It is that I have proven to you that it is false, but
											you are still arguing with me. That is what makes you such a retard.
											You simply are unprepared to accept reason or reality in any capacity.
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T02:58:20+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												You think Cockerspaniel is a brand of dildo though.
												[Posted by Gonga at 2018-07-29T04:38:58+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											Here are two fine examples of your nonsensical claims:- With
											Capitalism, absolute poverty decreases I proved there is no such thing
											as absolute poverty and it was as easy as illustrating that poverty is
											qualified differently in different places. There is no absolute
											definition of poverty and hence your claim cannot be true. Your
											response was to attack me with the accusation that I didn't
											understand. Then you quickly changed the subject. Someone gaining
											wealth does not necessitate someone else loosing wealth. I proved the
											opposite, using simple math that a 10 year old could follow. If Bill
											controls 50 percent of the finite resources with his wealth and Ted
											controls 40 percent of the finite resources with his wealth, then
											Simon cannot possibly control more than 10 percent of the resources
											with his wealth unless either Bill or Ted become relatively poorer.
											Your response was to attack me with the accusation that I didn't
											understand. Then you quickly changed the subject. It has just been
											empty rhetoric from you all night. Every single time your arguments
											are debunked you continue on as if nothing happened. But something did
											happen. Your arguments were debunked.
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T03:17:34+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												Absolute wealth and relative wealth are well known economic
												principles that can easily be looked up. So this lie won’t work for
												you. The definition of money and economic gains from trade are also
												easily researchable. Pretending that money and wealth are the same in
												order to pretend that economics is disproved by math only highlights
												your dishonesty. I haven’t only stayed that you are wrong, I have
												thoroughly shown why. I illustrated why trade occurs to mutual
												benefit. You pretending to buy paper cups under pain of death isn’t
												fooling anyone. It was kind of fun schooling you, though you are
												incapable of learning. You can fuck off now.
												[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T11:24:55+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

													Absolute wealth and relative wealth are well known economic
													principles that can easily be looked up. Flat Earth is a well known
													principle which can easily be looked up too. But let's not focus on
													that. Let's focus on the fact that you are LYING. A simple search of
													the term "absolute wealth" in Google produces no references to or
													articles written by economists. Here is the proof:-
													https://www.google.co.uk/ search?q=absolute+wealth&amp;oq=absolute+we
													alth&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.
													1975j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8 You are just a shocking liar
													and a complete fucking idiot. Even if you were right your claim is
													still a fallacious appeal to authority predicated on the fact that you
													do not understand the concept and cannot explain it. It is
													embarrassing having to read through your nonsense. You would not know
													what truth was if you fell the fuck over it.
													[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T11:47:33+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

														Flat earth isn’t a scientific principle. Absolute wealth is an
														economic. One that I have explained several time now, though you
														ignore explanations.
														[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T11:56:38+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

															Flat earth isn’t a scientific principle But I have demonstrated to
															you multiple times that the concept of absolute wealth is not a
															scientific principle. You simply have refused to acknowledge that you
															have been disproved. Absolute wealth is an economic I demonstrated to
															you less than five minutes ago that absolute wealth is not an economic
															principle:- https://www.google.co.uk/
															search?q=absolute+wealth&amp;oq=absolute+we
															alth&amp;aqs=chrome.0.69i59j69i60j0l4.
															1873j0j9&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8 One that I have explained
															several time now You have done absolutely no such thing, you idiotic
															liar. What you have done is refuse to acknowledge that wealth is
															relative to poverty. Your latest "explanation" involved telling me
															that wealth is absolute because it is relative to whoever is measuring
															it. Fucking shut up, you silly lying moron.
															[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T12:08:23+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

															Absolute wealth is an economic How many times do you need to be
															proven wrong? A million? Wealth Is Relative – Remember This And Be
															Happier https://financialpanther.com/ wealth-relative-remember-
															happier/ All Wealth Is Relative Wealth
															https://www.fool.com/investing/general/ 2012/04/03/ all-wealth-is-
															relative-wealth.aspx
															[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T12:25:04+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

																Fool.com. Nice “An absolute value is a business valuation method that
																uses discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis to determine a company's
																financial worth. The absolute value method differs from the relative
																value models that examine what a company is worth compared to its
																competitors.” https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/ absolute-value.asp
																[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T12:52:54+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

												I proved there is no such thing as absolute poverty and it was as
												easy as illustrating that poverty is qualified differently in
												different places You proved you'd take a dick in the ass though. A big
												dick too. https://youtu.be/jqPbyH9V5pY
												[Posted by MontysPython at 2018-07-29T06:10:57+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

										When I say you don’t understand wealth, it isn’t ad hominem as you
										constantly conflate it with money. The baseline for absolute wealth
										over time is chosen by whoever is measuring the absolute wealth over
										time. One can choose any given starting point in time as a baseline to
										measure absolute wealth. Comparing you, to you earlier is a measure of
										absolute wealth. Comparing wealth of a nation today with 200 years ago
										is a measure of absolute wealth. Comparing you today to others today
										is a measure of relative wealth. It doesn’t get simpler. So, to
										repeat, when humanity started off there was no poverty and no riches.
										Humans have always lived in hierarchies. Money is not wealth. This is
										not a change of topic, you just can’t connect related concepts.
										capitalism) forces people to work to create wealth for a select few
										individuals, and to pay the cost for those individuals when it all
										goes wrong, as we saw illustrated in 2008. Bailouts are not
										capitalistic, it’s socialized loss. “Moral hazard” is the capitalistic
										principle that is against government bailouts. Your people are
										starving too Our poor are dying from diabetes, not starvation. Anyway,
										you can fuck off now. I’ve had my fun exposing you.
										[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T11:19:27+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

											When I say you don’t understand wealth, it isn’t ad hominem That is
											exactly what it is you boring fucking delusional child. Whenever I
											debunk something you say you derail the argument because that is what
											idiots like you do. It is all you know how to do. you constantly
											conflate it with money. Can you name one wealthy person in the entire
											world who doesn't have any money? No, you cannot. Not that it matters
											because not once during this idiotic conversation have I claimed that
											money and wealth are the same thing. You are a pathological liar who
											obviously has no footing in reality. The baseline for absolute wealth
											I have demonstrated to you at least three times that there is no such
											thing as either absolute wealth or absolute poverty, because both of
											these terms are relative to each other. Why are you persisting in
											trying to force the same argument down my throat that I have already
											debunked three times? You simply do not listen when other people
											disprove what you say, which almost certainly is a symptom of mental
											illness. is chosen by whoever is measuring the absolute wealth over
											time. Oh dear. You really are quite unwell, aren't you? The baseline
											for absolute wealth cannot be relative because relative is the
											opposite of absolute. A variable which changes based upon who is doing
											the measuring is a relative variable, not an absolute variable. You
											are a fucking idiot and I am embarrassed that I have nothing better to
											do right now than point it out. Humans have always lived in
											hierarchies You are trying to change the subject AGAIN, while
											furthermore altering the original premise from "hierarchical systems
											of economy" to "hierarchy" so you can pretend a physical hierarchy is
											the same as an economic one. Literally everything you write is an
											attempt to distort what the other person has said. It is... PATHETIC.
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T11:39:13+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												Can you name one wealthy person in the entire world who doesn't have
												any money? That question says a lot about your ignorance. Money serves
												as a store, standard and means of exchange of wealth. Of course
												wealthy people have it. But money is not synonymous with wealth.
												Everything we have discussed is related to the fact that voluntary
												trade is necessarily beneficial to both parties involved as repeatedly
												illustrated. Unfortunately, you are not capable of seeing the
												connection between related concepts. I have been changing the topic,
												I’ve been elaborating.
												[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T12:07:05+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

													That question says a lot about your ignorance. Your reply says a lot
													about how much of an answer you have. Money serves as a store,
													standard and means of exchange of wealth. Of course wealthy people
													have it. So in other words, my question is perfectly legitimate and
													the premise upon which it is based is true. But it also makes me
													ignorant for asking it. Thanks for letting me know you fucking stupid
													cunt. Everything we have discussed is related to the fact that
													voluntary trade is necessarily beneficial to both parties Your
													language is false and you are continuing to ignore this fact, despite
													it being physically demonstrated to you many times over. Trade is not
													always voluntary in that it can be coerced, and it is not necessarily
													beneficial to both parties. You have been given several real world
													examples of this, including the scenario where a thirsty man in the
													desert is offered a glass of water for 10,000 dollars. You simply
													ignore the proof that your argument is false, deflect and come back
													with exactly the same argument later. As I have pointed out to you
													today several times: this is likely a symptom of serious mental
													illness.
													[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T12:13:18+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

											Our poor are dying from diabetes Amarel, I have just plainly
											demonstrated to you with the application of UN statistics that poverty
											(and hence food shortage) is a real problem in America. Your replies
											are bizarre and nonsensically attempt to circumvent or distort any
											proof you have been given that you are wrong. 16 million American kids
											struggle with hunger each year. An estimated 48.8 million Americans ,
											including 16.2 million children, live in households that lack the
											means to get enough nutritious food on a regular basis.
											https://mashable.com/2016/07/14/ child-hunger-united-
											states/?europe=true Please. Just shut the fuck up. You are suffering
											the effects of psychiatric illness.
											[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T11:54:05+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

												They ask kids if they are hungry and then call it a hunger problem.
												Meanwhile Michelle Obama tried for 8 years to get kids to burn
												calories. Poverty is a problem, but hunger is not. That’s because of
												the increased absolute wealth of our poor over the poor of previous
												generations. But there’s that economic principle again. Did you make
												it past the first sentence this time?
												[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T11:59:46+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

													They ask kids if they are hungry and then call it a hunger problem
													And of course all the kids are lying. Shut the fuck up you evil Hebrew
													prick. You're an idiot.
													[Posted by Conservanazi at 2018-07-29T12:23:37+00:00 - Side: Russians don't GET capitalism]

														No, they aren’t lying, they are just hungry. Fat kids are hungry all
														the fucking time. If there was a starvation problem, Michelle Obama
														would be an evil birch for trying to get kids to burn calories. Fat
														America was her pet project.
														[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-29T12:54:41+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

WHY is Russia NEVER gonna be CAPITALIST? Because they are busy being
far left leftists. Probably why the left was so cozy with them pre
Trump.
[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T18:07:59+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

	https://www.forbes.com/2009/08/27/ ted-kennedy-soviet-union-ronald-
	reagan- opinions-columnists-peter-robinson.html
	https://www.google.com/amp/s/ www.dailywire.com/news/18519/ 5-times-
	democrats-tried-work-russians- swing-aaron-bandler?amp
	[Posted by brontoraptor at 2018-07-28T18:09:54+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

Former USSR nations adopted economic freedom after the fall and have
done well. It’s not that it can’t be learned, it’s that institutional
criminality, such as that in Russia, is very hard to replace with
healthy institutions.
[Posted by Amarel at 2018-07-28T14:10:15+00:00 - Side: Asians GET capitalism bigly]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
