Title: Propose Amendments to the United States of America's Constitution
Posted by Jc41218
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Propose_Amendments_to_the_United_States_of_America_s_Constitution

Comments:

1. Repeal Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution 2.
Death Penalty Abolition Amendment 3. Equal Rights Amendment as long as
used ONLY for the Government. 4. Repeal Seventeenth Amendment to the
United States Constitution 5. Repeal Twenty-third Amendment to the
United States Constitution 6. Add part of the "peace amendment" which
I found on line (did not make it) says "All acts of war by the U.S.
government, except in the repelling of an immediate invasion or
attack, must be established through a Congressional Declaration of
War, as well as a referendum of the popular vote. All citizens who
vote for war must enlist in the military, and finance the war on their
own. "In repelling immediate invasion or attack, the federal
government may only act within foreign countries for one week without
an official Declaration. "At times of official peace, the decision to
aid, assist, or oppose any foreign government or revolutionary
movement will be reserved to the people, as individuals. "The federal
government will reduce its nuclear arsenal by fifty percent every
year, and attempt through sincere diplomacy to have other countries to
do the same. The construction by the government of any weapons of mass
destruction is hereby prohibited." I would leave out these parts All
citizens who vote for war must enlist in the military, and finance the
war on their own. and "The federal government will reduce its nuclear
arsenal by fifty percent every year, and attempt through sincere
diplomacy to have other countries to do the same. The construction by
the government of any weapons of mass destruction is hereby
prohibited." I would cut down on the weapons of mass destruction
though . 7. Add the Jury Enforcement of the Bill or Rights. "In all
criminal prosecutions in which the law in question contradicts the
principles of the Bill of Rights, jurors shall be encouraged to
acquit. "In all criminal prosecutions in which the government has
violated the Bill of Rights to obtain evidence or to establish a
conviction, the case shall be dismissed. "In all criminal prosecutions
in which the injured party is a government official who violated the
Bill of Rights protections of the accused, such violation will be
admissible as a positive defense for the accused. "Jurors will be
instructed of this amendment in all criminal prosecutions, or else the
sitting judge will be guilty of violations of the Bill of Rights, and
subject to all the provisions of this amendment. "Congress will have
no authority to legislate on this matter." I got 2 of the amendments
the Peace and jury Enforcement of the Bill or Rights amendments from
the site I will link to below
[Posted by Jc41218 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	1. Will never happen, the government needs money, they won't vote to
	get rid of income tax. 2. This one might actually happen. 3. Don't
	have any idea what this is, thanks for not explaining at all. 4. You
	don't want people to vote for Senators now? 5. Uh, why is it bad that
	the citizens of Washington D.C. get to choose who their president will
	be? 6. Thanks for leaving out the really dumb part of bringing back
	forced military service. Congress is already in charge of declaring
	war, look at how that has worked out. How the heck are we supposed to
	vote on giving aid to foreign countries? 7. The jury stuff doesn't
	really change anything, it is already against the rules to submit
	evidence that was acquired by violating the constitution. Sounds like
	a big 1 for 7.
	[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Will never happen, the government needs money, they won't vote to get
		rid of income tax. 1. We could do a 20 percent sales tax to fund the
		government. Don't have any idea what this is, thanks for not
		explaining at all. 3. It says Section 1. Equality of rights under the
		law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any
		State on account of sex. Section 2. The Congress shall have the power
		to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
		article. Section 3. This amendment shall take effect two years after
		the date of ratification. You don't want people to vote for Senators
		now? It has hurt federalism and has expanded the role of the
		government beyond belief. Uh, why is it bad that the citizens of
		Washington D.C. get to choose who their president will be? We do not
		want Washington D.C. to become a state if you don't like not being
		able to vote go to another state it is meant for just the government.
		Thanks for leaving out the really dumb part of bringing back forced
		military service. Congress is already in charge of declaring war, look
		at how that has worked out. How the heck are we supposed to vote on
		giving aid to foreign counties? We will vote by having a popular vote.
		The jury stuff doesn't really change anything, it is already against
		the rules to submit evidence that was acquired by violating the
		constitution. Just for good measure :) These may not be perfect but
		would improve the system we have now :) Also I would add this 8.
		Permit the States to set term limits for their Representatives and
		Senators as long as it would not be over 12 years for a person. 9.
		Limit Eminent Domain 10. Every Vote Counts Amendment Which Reads
		Section 1. The President and Vice President shall be elected by the
		people of the several States and the district constituting the seat of
		government of the United States. Section 2. The electors in each State
		shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of Senators and
		Representatives in Congress from that State, except that the
		legislature of any State may prescribe less restrictive qualifications
		with respect to residence and Congress may establish uniform residence
		and age qualifications. Section 3. The persons having the greatest
		number of votes for President and Vice President shall be elected.
		Section 4. Each elector shall cast a single vote jointly applicable to
		President and Vice President. Names of candidates may not be joined
		unless they shall have consented thereto and no candidate may consent
		to the candidate's name being joined with that of more than one other
		person. Section 5. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the
		death of any candidate for President or Vice President before the day
		on which the President-elect or Vice President-elect has been chosen,
		and for the case of a tie in any election. Section 6. This article
		shall apply with respect to any election for President and Vice
		President held after the expiration of the 1-year period which begins
		on the date of the ratification of this article
		[Posted by Jc41218 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Sales tax, income tax, whatever, same difference. How is citizens
			voting for Senators damaging federalism? Wouldn't Senators expand
			their role anyway? Last time I checked, the government is a group of
			citizens that should be allowed to vote. Why don't you want the
			government people to vote for president? So, tsunami in Japan, call
			for a large national vote? Earthquake in Haiti, national vote? Won't
			the delay kind of make us look bad? 8. Have it now. The 12 year thing
			would be new though. 9. Amendment for this? 10. Getting rid of the
			electoral college might be a good thing, but I don't like the idea of
			such a big change when the current system seems fine.
			[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Wrong. with a sales tax, you only pay taxes when you buy something.
				With an income tax, you pay taxes no matter what.
				[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					I agree with that statement. I figure the government will figure out
					how to get just as much money out of me, so I see it as the same.
					[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						See, I aint so bad after all. Thank you. :)
						[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				How is citizens voting for Senators damaging federalism? Wouldn't
				Senators expand their role anyway? The state itself does not chose the
				people in the state do. So, tsunami in Japan, call for a large
				national vote? Earthquake in Haiti, national vote? Won't the delay
				kind of make us look bad? Just giving some ideas :) Amendment for
				this? What do you mean? Getting rid of the electoral college might be
				a good thing, but I don't like the idea of such a big change when the
				current system seems fine. How is it a bad thing and would make it
				less complex.
				[Posted by Jc41218 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Reform the 26th amendment: Instead of the ability to vote being
entirely based on age, establish a test based on objective political
and economic history. If completed and a majority of answers are
correct, one may vote. If not, one cannot.
[Posted by Cynical at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	The only thing I am worried about if a party makes the test corrupt
	or biased.
	[Posted by Jc41218 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		That is why I was careful with the wording of proposition. Objective
		political and economic history, I think is adequate at keeping it from
		corruption and bias, in that it will prevent the support of any
		specific political group Examples of questions that may appear on such
		a test, just to get the gist of it, would be like: Explain the
		origin/s of modern democracy.
		[Posted by Cynical at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			So it's an essay test? How would it be graded?
			[Posted by HoldTheMayo at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			You are crazy if you think the word "objective" will prevent
			corruption and abuse when the words "shall not infringe" don't.
			[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				What are you even meaning?
				[Posted by Cynical at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Sorry, the last words of the 2nd amendment are "shall not be
					infringed". The government has clearly violated that part of the
					constitution. Your use of the word objective, which is not as strong,
					can easily be broken. Make sense?
					[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	You can't force objectivity. You can't control how people make their
	decisions.
	[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	No. It has the potential for corruption. .
	[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Explain, bandwagoner.
		[Posted by Cynical at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Name calling does not make a logical argument, you bitch. The
			government has no right to dictate what adult can vote or not. If we
			give the government that power, they WILL abuse it.
			[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				If implemented, the government wouldn't be dictating anything
				concerning voting. Rather, it would be those who desire to vote. Also,
				there wouldn't be any actual age requirement, if it were implemented.
				As long as a person can read and write, they'd be eligible to take the
				test, however one must pass said test to vote.
				[Posted by Cynical at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Wrong. The government has no right to dictate to people. The right of
					adults is to vote freely.
					[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						You didn't even address the argument. Continually asserting your own
						ill conceived opinion against a proposition of mine, that I already
						stated was false does nothing, Ismalia.
						[Posted by Cynical at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							Yes I did, and my name is a Dana. I stated facts. You are just
							another statist retard. The government does not have the right to
							decide which adults can vote and which ones cannot.
							[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

That the function of the federal and state government shall be
restricted to protecting life, and civil rights only.
[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I like this idea, but they will just twist the logic to expand that
	to everything they do. It is not a big stretch to say that what they
	currently do is protecting life and civil rights. What does the
	government do that doesn't fall under that category?
	[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Wiretapping, torture, murder aka the death penalty, unneeded wars,
		should I go on?
		[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Wiretapping, torture, and wars are to make sure that the terrorists
			don't get us. We need to get them before they get us. The death
			penalty is handed out to people who have killed, chances are those
			people will kill again. So, all of those things are done to bad guys
			who would kill other people, or already did. All of those things are
			done to protect people. See how it can be justified. Your idea is
			good, but it won't work :(
			[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Oh bullocks. The government has no right to violate people's rights,
				and besides, torture produces bad intelligence. Have you heard of
				blowback?
				[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Your heart is in the right place, but you sound like you are arguing
					that the government's heart is also in the right place. I agree with
					you that the government needs to stop violating rights. I think the
					current government believes they are following what you laid out and
					we still have that stuff.
					[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Oh wow. I most certainly am NOT arguing that the government's heart
						is in the right place. Are you dense? I am saying that they are in the
						wrong , not the right .
						[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							You should really refrain from calling people dense here. You
							constantly don't understand a single word people say to you. The
							government does not currently have the right to violate rights, yet
							they do it any way. Your idea is nice, but I was pointing out that
							reality will not work out for you.
							[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								Wrong. You are not fucking getting what I am saying. You are just
								looking for a fight. I have been saying all along that the government
								violates rights. DUH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
								[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									Ok. Well, I am glad you admit that. I was under the impression that
									the government already has rules to avoid violating rights, so adding
									another one won't work, that's all.
									[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

That the function of the federal and state government shall be
restricted to protecting life, and civil rights only.
[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Update the second amendment. Anything with a clear meaning would be
better than what we have now.
[Posted by HoldTheMayo at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Update the second amendment. Anything with a clear meaning would be
	better than what we have now. Add more control or less :)
	[Posted by Jc41218 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	It is quite clear. The right to bear arms shall not be infringed.
	Plain and simple.
	[Posted by Scout143 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		What arms? Muskets? Nukes? What if you're not part of a well
		regulated militia?
		[Posted by HoldTheMayo at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			That's the problem. People put too much thought into it. People take
			it way into the extremes when it was created to be used with common
			sense. Not like "so everybody can haves Nukes!". 1."A well regulated
			militia, the right of the people to bear arms." This references to
			both groups. The people, and the militias, hence the commas. It
			doesn't mean you need to be a part of a militia. 2.Arms is usually in
			reference to firearms and other small arms. A Nuke is not considerd an
			arm, even in modern terms. Arms could be rifles, muskets, machine
			guns, knives, swords, pistols, etc.
			[Posted by Scout143 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				So the U.S. and U.S.S.R. weren't in a nuclear arms race, because
				nukes are not arms? Are you sure about that? Today's guns didn't exist
				back then, so how can you assume the founding fathers would want
				nutjobs to have AR-15s? "A well regulated militia, the right of the
				people to bear arms." What are you quoting? That's not from the second
				amendment. And it's far from clear that you don't need to be part of a
				militia, or how your arms may be used. Do you think the 9/11 hijackers
				had the right to have boxcutters on the planes?
				[Posted by HoldTheMayo at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					"A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free
					state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be
					infringed." I paraphrased a bit, but the meaning is the same. The
					people make up the militia, hence the right of the people/militia to
					bear arms shall not be infringed. "I ask sir, what is the militia? It
					is the whole people." - George Mason (father of the Bill of Rights and
					The Virginia Declaration of Rights) "The right of the people to keep
					and bear arms shall not be infringed. A well regulated militia,
					composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the best and
					most natural defense of a free country." - James Madison "The
					Constitution shall never be construed to prevent the people of the
					United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms."
					- Samuel Adams "Firearms stand next in importance to the constitution
					itself. They are the American people's liberty teeth and keystone
					under independence … from the hour the Pilgrims landed to the present
					day, events, occurences and tendencies prove that to ensure peace
					security and happiness, the rifle and pistol are equally indispensable
					… the very atmosphere of firearms anywhere restrains evil interference
					— they deserve a place of honor with all that's good." -George
					Washington They may not have known about AK-47's, AR-15's, or FN-
					FAL's, but they sure did prepare for their protection under the
					constitution. The nut jobs that used these weapons either 1:got them
					illegally or 2:used them illegally. Laws were put in place to prevent
					this. Did it? No. They just ignored it. You know what happened after
					9/11? Pilots started carrying guns. Guns in the right hands prevent
					crime, terrorism, and dictatorships. The idea was for the citizens to
					have the same weaponry available to the government as well as the
					citizens. It isn't clear because people make it unclear. The Founding
					Fathers themselves have quotes upon quotes defining its meaning, and
					depended on the common sense of the citizens to correctly interpret it
					(which failed). The militia is defined as the people as quoted above.
					You, I, him, her, they are the militia. The way arms are to be used it
					quite clearly defined by the founding fathers: "The laws that forbid
					the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature. They disarm only those
					who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes.... Such laws
					make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants;
					they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an
					unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed
					man." - Thomas Jefferson (quoting 18th century criminologist Cesare
					Beccaria) So, 1. to prevent crime. "Arms in the hands of citizens may
					be used at individual discretion in private self defense." - John
					Adams 2.To protect themselves. "To disarm the people is the most
					effectual way to enslave them." - George Mason 3.To prevent
					enslavement "To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body
					of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially
					when young, how to use them." - Richard Henry Lee 4.Assertion of
					Liberty and Rights "... arms ... discourage and keep the invader and
					plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as
					property.... Horrid mischief would ensue were (the law-abiding)
					deprived the use of them." - Thomas Paine 5.National Defence "The
					right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been
					considered, as the palladium of the liberties of a republic; since it
					offers a strong moral check against the usurpation and arbitrary power
					of rulers; and will generally, even if these are successful in the
					first instance, enable the people to resist and triumph over them." -
					Joseph Story 6.To prevent tyrannical rule and destroy those who try
					it. That's what the second amendment means.
					[Posted by Scout143 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
