Title: When Democrats refer to progress, is the progress towards Socialism and Communism?
Posted by PrayerFails
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/When_Democrats_refer_to_progress_is_the_progress_towards_Socialism_and_Communism

Comments:

Anything Democrats claim as progress is ultimately the result of
incremental steps towards socialism and communism, and they regard
this as success.
[Posted by PrayerFails at 2010-12-22T10:31:23+00:00 - Side: True]

	All TEN Planks of the Communist Manifesto can be applied to the
	United States.
	[Posted by PrayerFails at 2011-10-14T12:12:36+00:00 - Side: True]

What else would they be progressing towards? Liberty? No. Freedom?
No. Capitalism? No...
[Posted by orangepeel at 2010-12-24T12:48:24+00:00 - Side: True]

Democrats themselves? Yes, it's TOWARDS Socialism. I don't think,
however, that they mean to go all the way. I am a Progressive. But my
idea of progress is lowering the power of government, cutting
spending, and taking away laws that inhibit civil rights. In some
ways, my idea of Progress is Regressing all the way back to the birth
of the United States. I say only some ways, of course, because one
part of civil rights is NOT having slavery.
[Posted by ThePyg at 2010-12-22T11:20:53+00:00 - Side: True]

	"my idea of Progress is Regressing all the way back to the birth of
	the United States." It might be a good idea for the nation to go back
	to the roots of its foundation. Well, some of its roots. You know what
	I mean - minus the slavery.
	[Posted by TheHallow1 at 2010-12-22T13:44:56+00:00 - Side: True]

		&gt;&lt; slavery no infrastructure power concentrated to only those
		who own land no minimum wage so mining towns could basically enslave
		everyone, not just black people. Awsome Hallow, you're obviously a
		well thought-out individual.
		[Posted by iamdavidh at 2010-12-22T23:49:25+00:00 - Side: False]

			Hold on there sport. No need to get hostile. Those were just a few
			more things I didn't take into consideration. I said we could get back
			to some roots, not all.
			[Posted by TheHallow1 at 2010-12-23T01:10:33+00:00 - Side: True]

				The economic situation has allowed the historically proven inadequate
				theory of capitalist anarchy to again take hold. Social programs are
				the only things which have saved the US from a second great
				depression, yet despite social programs being the medicine,
				Prayerfails and a group of non-politicials have taken it as
				opportunity to espouse radical anti-government views. Representative
				governments are not inherently evil. Democrats are one side of an
				ongoing debate. Labeling them as the same party as Nazi's and the
				Soviet Union is not helpful to the debate. If Democrats had 90% of the
				government instead of 55%, it still would lead to neither socialism
				nor communism. If you want to label a legitimate half of government,
				with just as much democratic, voted-for right to determining the
				course of our government, as some demon from the past, then I will
				continue to point out in no uncertain terms the error of your thought
				process. If you want to rethink the premise of the debate, and talk
				about real issues, I'll be happy to take you seriously.
				[Posted by iamdavidh at 2010-12-23T03:20:43+00:00 - Side: False]

					I think you were too quick to judge which side I'm on. I'm not here
					to bash the Democratic party in any way shape or form. "Labeling them
					as the same party as Nazi's and the Soviet Union is not helpful to the
					debate." See, I never did that. I'm neither a Democrat nor a
					Republican. I'm an Independent. I'm not here to unfairly and
					irrationally bash either side.
					[Posted by TheHallow1 at 2010-12-23T13:06:49+00:00 - Side: TRUE]

					While the Great Depression was horrible, it can't really be said that
					it goes ONLY to Capitalism. Part of Capitalism is trial and error.
					Without government in the way, the Stock Market was able to come into
					place in the first place. It started a new trend of investment which
					was able to cause much economical advancement. Without the Stock
					Market, we wouldn't have hardly any of the shit we have now. The
					problem with the Stock Market and Crediting, however, came from it
					being very new. No one, including the government (captain hindsight)
					new just how bad investment and credit could really get. There may
					have been some people who disliked the idea of investment all
					together, but the Great Depression (to even most experts back then)
					was practically unpredictable. What's good about the Great Depression
					for current times, however, is that we know just how insane investment
					and credit can get. Harsh government regulation, however, doesn't stop
					another Recession from coming. In fact, government oversight is part
					of what caused our current Recession. The Housing Bubble, itself, had
					many issues from people being people, but the government itself (in
					trying to help poor people) encouraged bad loans to people who
					couldn't afford to pay them back. These major banks (which come more
					from Corporatism than Capitalism) would not have made nearly as many
					investments in poor people as they did were it not for government
					encouragement. As well, it was government that bailed out failing
					businesses because they felt that it would cause a major economic
					meltdown if they didn't. This encourages large businesses to become
					even larger and have too much power. Without government interference,
					these businesses wouldn't be so large and would not need to be bailed
					out in the first place. As well, with the whole Recession problem
					(caused in part by government) it gives government enough excuse to
					become even more powerful. Then, what you see is larger government and
					larger corporations (supported by the large government). In response,
					we do see extremist Libertarian economic views growing on the right
					(luckily, though, this encourages libertarianism in general, causing
					Conservatives to be less of moralfags) which, yes, can be anarchic.
					However, this should not hide the fact that big government is still
					bad. As I stated (and I know you ignored it to go after the easy
					target, Hallow), I want to decrease the size of government, cut
					spending, and promote civil rights. Through all of this, we would be
					able to reduce the size of Corporations which are "too big to fail".
					Also, let them fail. While it's a scary concept, it makes our market
					become more balanced in the long run. Analogies are gay, but think of
					it as an untapped forest. Sure, there will be wild fires, but it's
					only to keep the forest at a decent size. Fires started by outside
					sources, however, are what actually destroys the forest completely.
					[Posted by ThePyg at 2010-12-24T17:16:04+00:00 - Side: True]

						Well, I'm not going to argue there is any apparent flaw in your
						logic. However, how would you propose stopping businesses, which I
						agree have become entirely "too big" once they are "too big to fail",
						if not through government oversite. I'm not saying government does a
						good job of ensuring this does not happen, in fact they do a piss poor
						job. But they do something at least. What entity would stop for
						instance monopolies (again not that they don't exist) if not
						government? I certainly can't. I don't know any individual or even
						group who can stop say Bechtel, from doing whatever wherever whenever
						they want if there is not oversite. It is too easy in an open market
						(as in publically traded companies), for those at the top to take
						advantage of the many, if there is not oversite. Perhaps abandon the
						open market? That would work, but now you eliminate a lot of
						entrepreneurship.
						[Posted by iamdavidh at 2010-12-25T21:37:56+00:00 - Side: False]

							I'm not saying end all government responsibility. Just make it so
							that government doesn't really have that much power. sure, monopolies
							are bad. We all know that. But monopolies currently existing are
							supported by government, not through the free market. Oligopolies are
							formed, at most, through free market means. and sure, monopolies MAY
							form, eventually, but it's better if they are at the hands of the
							market instead of the hands of the government.
							[Posted by ThePyg at 2010-12-25T21:50:28+00:00 - Side: True]

							The idea of the open market is that if the company is taking
							advantage of your money, don't buy their stocks. Monopolies occur in
							one way or another and the free market allows competition to those
							monopolies. And who's to say they're always bad? If they are bad, will
							people work for them? probably not. Also, its waaaayyyyy more easy for
							the government to take advantage of people in the form of Socialsim.
							People often forget that a government is made up of people and works
							for the people, however, when government is giving the rights and
							taking them and distributing the money and regulating the business,
							that alone is giving them enough power to manipulate.
							[Posted by TPARTY at 2010-12-30T11:27:03+00:00 - Side: False]

								The idea of the open market is that if the company is taking
								advantage of your money, don't buy their stocks Sure, ideally. But
								that's not how it works in reality. Do you have mutual funds? Do you
								have retirement? If you do, you have stocks. Which companies are these
								invested in? You have no idea, and as the recent bank bancrupcies
								show, giant corporations will gamble with anyone's retirement if it
								means they get a big bonus at the end of the year. This is exactly
								what has been happening. Credit cards are allowed to hide fees in the
								fine print, then increase your rates from 3% to 20% with no warning -
								unless government regulates. Housing Lenders are allowed to increase
								mortgages based on nothing but a desire to pad their portfolio,
								leaving people without a home practically overnight - unless
								government regulates it. Food manufacturers can use any chemicals they
								like if it means their meat or veggies can stay on the shelves longer.
								If some people die, hey, it's an LCC, no one is to blame. CEO's cash
								out, change the name of the company, and do some marketing - unless
								government regulates our food. Government has to regulate large
								business, otherwise we become a nation of have and have-nots like
								India or something.
								[Posted by iamdavidh at 2010-12-30T15:41:52+00:00 - Side: True]

					"Social programs" are the premise of Socialism. Hence the name.
					Failure is needed for progress, otherwise people stop working toward a
					better life and will put forth the minimum amount of effort to get the
					maximum benefits. (Like they are doing now) Why are we so afraid of
					failure? It gives motivation.
					[Posted by ammccarter at 2010-12-23T10:03:27+00:00 - Side: True]

						I'm not the one who downvoted you, but what proof do you have people
						now are putting forth minimum effort? On average now, people work
						longer hours for less money than they did only 2 decades ago. You can
						actually look these numbers up. If anything the middle class is woking
						harder for less, certainly not being lazy. I know few in the service
						industry (for example since I live in Vegas) today who do not need at
						least two incomes, and sometimes more, simply to raise a family. Four
						decades ago one could be middle class with a single family income,
						reaching no higher than lower level management. Yet on the flip side
						of the coin, you will find those in the top 2%, these past 4 or 5
						years of this recession, have actually increased their income, wilst
						working less and obviously as the economy indicates, doing little to
						move their corporations forward. Yet you want to blame the peasants.
						This shows a lack of insite. Think about what you're saying, look up
						some statistics. Every economic indicator shows that even if every
						unemployed person sold their soul for a job, only less than a percent
						would find one available to them right now. And worse, those working
						for minimum wage at a horrid job more than 40 hours a week, who do not
						smoke, gamble, drink, or rent DVDs, would still find their account
						short when it is time to pay the bills. The problem is not how hard
						Americans are willing to work, it is a lack of jobs, and a lack of pay
						at many of the jobs available.
						[Posted by iamdavidh at 2010-12-25T22:56:23+00:00 - Side: False]

							Part of the equation you're forgetting is the value of our money. Our
							money has been, due to spending (social programs, government
							intrusion) devalued to the point that inflation is taking place. In a
							recession like this (I'm not an economist, just using common sense)
							when government gets involved by printing money, spending tax dollars
							through social programs, and creating jobs (which it can't do), the
							currency is devalued. The Federal Reserve recently monetized
							600,000,000, 000 dollars worth of our debt. That is they printed
							600,000,000, 000 dollars of paper. Nothing more. That means our
							dollars are worth that much less, meaning those people you're talking
							about have to pay more for the things they need to live becuase its
							becoming more expensive for the manufacturers to produce their goods.
							The more paper you have in the system with nothing backing it, the
							less its worth. The top 2% you're talking about are job creators. A
							fact overlooked by most people. Another factor you are forgetting is
							that by government trying to institute more taxes on them, they do not
							want to hire because they might have to pay more. A reason that our
							currency is not worth anything is because government has created more
							and more jobs, therefore taking more and more people out of the
							system. People can't afford to pay because they can't afford their
							taxes because government has to pay their workers. When the government
							says its creating jobs, it isn't. Jobs belong to the private sector.
							Originally, do you think there was such a thing as federal jobs?
							[Posted by TPARTY at 2010-12-30T02:04:01+00:00 - Side: True]

								The top 2% you're talking about are job creators The top 2% has
								enough income to create jobs if they like. The economy is not driven
								by how much a business is willing to pay, it is driven by consumers.
								If there are consumers for a product, and a business does not have the
								capital, they will borrow. Top down economics does not work. This 2%
								has seen an increase in income over the last decade. If they created
								jobs based on their income, they would have. Meanwhile, we have
								massive debt that is effecting the worth of our dollar, which is
								effecting consumer spending. If consumers cannot spend, not the
								richest person in the world is going to invest in business. We've been
								through this twice now, once in the 80's, and again during Bush's
								term. Neither time has given those with the most more, resulted in
								jobs. We have an example of taxing the 2% percent at 42% instead of
								39% - it was the 90's, and we created more jobs in the 90's than in
								any time in our history. Your theory does not hold up to either logic
								or real life example.
								[Posted by iamdavidh at 2010-12-30T15:47:26+00:00 - Side: False]

			No infastructure? In our government? Please explain. Mining towns
			couldn't enslave anyone. If you worked in the mining town and you
			thought your wage was too low you could leave. No one is forcing you
			to stay. Slavery was not anywhere in our constitution. Also explain
			the power concentrated to those who own land.
			[Posted by TPARTY at 2010-12-29T23:11:57+00:00 - Side: True]

				1. Government is in charge of infrastructure, and is the only entity
				in any society which can handle infrastructure. 2. No, they couldn't
				leave these mining towns. They owned the homes and the stores and they
				charged more than miners made, so if they left, they would be arrested
				for owing a debt. This is what business does when left to its own
				devices, as we've seen historically in this one of many examples. 3.
				But when the country was founded, there was slavery, and it was
				government and only government which was able to end it. 4. One of
				these Tea party revisionists gave a speech saying it may be a good
				idea to go back to only allowing land owners a say in government. This
				is typical of your ilk.
				[Posted by iamdavidh at 2010-12-30T15:53:57+00:00 - Side: False]

	The birth of our country did not support slavery. Frederick Douglass
	concluded after reading our Constitution that it was an anti slavery
	document. The 3/5th clause was in regards to population vs.
	congressmen and not people. Our country HAS to get back to its
	principles and totally away from progressive ideals. Our founders
	understood that straying from our constitution would lead to our
	demise which has come in the form of progressivism. And they do wish
	to go all the way, Socialism and Communism are praised in schools.
	Capitalism is demonzed in all the text books.
	[Posted by TPARTY at 2010-12-29T22:42:39+00:00 - Side: True]

		Demagoguery Ahoy! Our country HAS to get back to its principles and
		totally away from progressive ideals. {laughs} And what "principals"
		our nation needs to get back to seems to vary depending on who I ask.
		Unsurprisingly people tend to think their ideals best represent our
		founding principals, which is strange considering people who hold very
		different often contrary views nearly all believe this. They can't all
		be right, can they? Are you you one of these befuddled fools? Looks
		like it. The constitutional framers didn't have much to say about
		Progressivism, mostly because it didn't yet exist. Although some may
		point out that the American progressive movement gave women the right
		to vote, a right they should have been granted from the very
		beginning. So is it possible that the founders didn't believe in
		women's rights? If they did they didn't do very much to ensure those
		rights when they wrote the constitution. Sometimes people will forget
		that although the founding fathers were very intelligent men,
		revolutionary for their time, they had their share of flaws including
		those instilled upon their from socio-economic institutions of the
		time. Several of the founding fathers owned slaves. This is history.
		The founding fathers were smart, but they were not prophets, they
		could not predict future events. This is why they made the
		constitution a "living document\" that could change and adapt to a
		changing world. This idealistic past is perhaps not as idealistic as
		you might want to think.
		[Posted by Bohemian at 2010-12-30T00:08:19+00:00 - Side: False]

			The constitution is only a living document to the extent that it can
			be ammended according to changing times, but not totally changed or
			even disregarded. Progressives seek to either totally change or
			disregard. The proccess by which the constitution should even be
			ammended ensures that all ideas are taken into account and the best
			are voted on and become the ammendments. The framers were extremely
			intelligent and well read, of course not prophets. Their principles,
			however, are clearly defined in the constitution and not subject to
			"who [you] ask". Women were not granted the right to vote simply
			because during that time women were not a part of politics. However,
			because the constitution due to its framing could be ammended, women
			were eventually granted the right to vote. It was not common practice
			for women to be involved in politics during their time. Also, the
			founders warned not against progressivism, but against what they did
			know about which was tyrannical, overpowered governments (today has
			become progressivist ideals). They formed our constitution after
			realizing that anarchy (too little government, articles of
			confederation) and tyranny (Brittish government) are the two worst
			forms of government. They wanted to find a balance and gave the
			constitution as much lead-way to ensure the balance be kept so as to
			avoid disregarding it and falling to tyranny and anarchy. (suggested
			reading: the 5000 year leap). They understood that the nation could
			only be upheld as long as the basic things that they formed the
			constitution around were upheld. Our constitution is not perfect, but
			as I said, its principles are clear. In addition, not all of the
			founders saw eye to eye on everything, and they made sure all their
			ideas were heavily debated before an idea was put in the constitution.
			Originally States submitted something like 32 ammendements to the
			constitution, of which 10 were kept (the bill of rights). some
			founders did own slaves, but that is not to say that the whole
			constitution was for slavery. Many founders did not believe in
			slavery. There is nowhere in the original document that either allows
			or doesn't allow slavery.
			[Posted by TPARTY at 2010-12-30T01:37:40+00:00 - Side: True]

			There's nothing wrong with giving people more freedom.
			Constitutionalists have no problem with this. Giving blacks and women
			the right to vote only increases our civil rights. It's when
			government tries to increase its power that upsets those who believe
			in the Constitution.
			[Posted by ThePyg at 2010-12-30T11:23:33+00:00 - Side: True]

				Couldn't agree more. And, some might not want to hear this, things
				like the displacement of Indians (Andrew Jackson), Asian internment
				camps (Herbert Hoover?) and even racism in government (Hoover as well)
				was supported by...the progressives and democrats. I would love to
				know where the idea that people who believe in the constitution are
				racists, sexists and whatever ists people come up with. I believe in
				the crazy idea that freedom is the best policy and that the United
				States was established to protect just that.
				[Posted by TPARTY at 2011-01-01T00:46:35+00:00 - Side: True]

			I wish someone would pass a law banning anything anti-capitalist
			including communism and socialism because Obama is scaring the crap
			out of me right now and people were scared during the cold war too.
			Democrats are complete morons even the ones who don't support
			socialism.
			[Posted by logface at 2011-10-13T22:01:06+00:00 - Side: False]

				This is nothing more than scare politics. We are not under any threat
				from socialism. We never were. http://ken_ashford.typepad.com/.a/
				6a00d834515b2069e201156fca215c970c-500wi
				[Posted by Bohemian at 2011-10-13T23:46:21+00:00 - Side: False]

			I wish someone would pass a law banning anything anti-capitalist
			including communism and socialism because Obama is scaring the crap
			out of me right now and people were scared during the cold war too.
			Democrats are complete morons even the ones who don't support
			socialism.
			[Posted by logface at 2011-10-13T22:02:09+00:00 - Side: False]

I'd much rather have some form of socialism than capitalism. You know
what we need? Anarchy.
[Posted by TheHallow1 at 2010-12-22T11:26:10+00:00 - Side: True]

I think that Democrats tend to support more socialist policies, but
none of them would go all the way to communism. None of them have the
guts. It would ruin their political career.
[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-12-22T15:46:48+00:00 - Side: True]

I agree with the arguments on the right side of this page that say
some Democrats only support some parts of socialism. For the majority
of the Democrats, that's probably true, but those that have the most
power and influence, it's obvious what they believe because they've
been pushing in the direction of total socialism step by step and
they've been pushing hard, either taking all opposition out of the way
or assimilating it's loyalty. It's not for no reason that only one
major news network in all of the United States still doesn't spin
things towards the left. Our educational system seems to produce so
many more liberals these days. Think about it, Democrats dominate the
arena of education and the text books that are written. The point I'm
trying to make is this, it doesn't matter that most Democrats and
liberals are not all about total socialism, the fact is, they're still
moving in that direction, and seeing how utterly successful Democrats
and their media have been at convincing most of liberal America,
literally, to believe any ridiculous thing, like the common expense of
a dress worn at an RNC, who freaking cares, leads me to believe that
when the time comes, most lower-level Democrats and most of liberal
America will still support them. I mean look at what's happening
today. Liberals still back Obama and the Congressional Democrats like
never before. Democrats have been at the seat of financial power in
this nation for 2 years before Bush left office, yet none of the blame
for this economic fiasco is laid upon them by liberal America.
Democrats had unchallenged power over this nation for an entire year
after Bush left office in both the financial and executive arenas. And
for a year after that, republicans only had a single seat in the
Senate with which they could only filibuster to stop legislation they
didn't agree with, and only if they all agreed would they even be
capable of filibustering. Now, for this last year, Republicans have
only dominated one half of the financial arm of Government, the House.
In these three years, the first where Democrats had unchallenged
control, they proceeded to pass a massive, unprecedented borrowing of
money, of which, they have nothing but exaggerated numbers that don't
even pass the declining numbers. In the second year, Democrats were
about to pass a universal health care bill that was so bad, that it
was not changed because of Republican opposition, because Republican
opposition did not even matter at that time. It was changed because of
pro-life Democrats in Congress that threatened to side with
Republicans if public funds could be used for abortion. After some
more hashing, Obama was able to pass the bill on to the House, but
again, pro-life Democrats were having difficulty accepting it. Then
the MA senator came onto the scene, and finally Republicans could
filibuster. However, Obama got the bill attached to a Budget bill so
that it would not have to go back to the Senate and be threatened by a
Republican filibuster, but still pro-life Democrats were not
satisfied. Obama appeased them with an executive order that has
questionable power to actually be enforced, and they got that
$trillion health care bill attached to that budget bill so that the
changes would not have to go back to the Senate for approval. These
were the most damaging things to our economy during these three years,
and Republicans had nothing, whatsoever, to do with them. In fact,
Republicans called out time and time again how damaging they would be
to our nation, and in fact not only produced an alternative to the
costly Obama health care bill, but to every single stimulus, to every
single borrowing bill the Democrats passed. What's more is that those
Republican alternatives focused on job creation and considerably less
than even $100 billion, much less $700+ billion that the Democrats
passed as they ignored Republicans. Yet despite all of this, which was
reported in the news all throughout, liberal America blames
Republicans, one because they blame only Bush despite the fact that
Democrats controlled Congress in 2006 and presided over our financial
arm of government when the decline started that eventually resulted in
a collapse by two very loyally Democrat-supporting companies that
conveniently caused our recession just in time for elections. Despite
the fact that Republicans have been against and provided alternatives,
and even warned us that we'd go through all we're going through now,
liberal America still thinks that it's the Republicans fault for
resisting Obama and not working across party lines. Well, Republicans
haven't had any power, working across party lines for them would have
meant to vote with Democrats on things they did not, at all, think was
right for this nation. Apparently, they were right. So, I say, that
regardless of what the majority of liberal America believes today
about socialism doesn't matter because when the time comes, they will
be convinced by their leaders and liberal-loyal media to support their
leaders as we are led into complete socialism. I can't help it that
liberals are so easily convinced. it's not Conservative America's
fault that liberals won't think things through before they throw their
support behind someone or something. I mean look at Occupy Wallstreet
for crying out loud, a bunch of liberals crying out against big
business, just now, because recently, they were told by their leaders
that big business was to blame, why, because they're greedy. That's
all, and liberals take to the streets all around America in protest to
capitalism. The exaggerated numbers themselves, forgetting the lack of
tangible evidence, prove that Obama's borrowing of massive amounts of
money did nothing, were dismal failures. But does that matter to
liberal America, no, because they were told big business, greedy,
protest, scream, yell, big business, greedy. It's like liberal America
has forgotten what it means to have a rational thought for themselves.
A nice punchline and a statement that lines up with their baseless
preconceived notions, lie or half truth as it may be, and you can
literally convince a liberal of anything. And here's the 2nd most sad
part of all of this. Not only do liberals see themselves as the most
open-minded and intelligent in society, but they see all who disagree
with them as lesser stupid people who need to be controlled so that
they don't go blowing up things or starting fires and burning books.
And it's because of this arrogance, that they are so easily
manipulated, and so easily convinced not to listen to any arguments
that would go against their preconceived notions. You want to know
what the most sad part of all of this is: If liberals actually got all
that they wanted, all their leaders were in absolute control of their
governments, we went entirely over to socialism, and redistribution of
wealth reigned supreme, they'd still end up losing. And you know why?
Because, when governments have that kind of power over their people,
it's only a matter of time before a dictator will usurp their rights
and seek to control them for his/her own ambitions. It's sad because
liberals look at big business as rich, greedy, and using their money
to corrupt politicians and politics. What's really sad here is that
their answer, the one answer they will fight for, possibly even give
their lives for, is to give all of that money that they believe has so
corrupted big businesses solely and entirely to those who have the
sole power over law. Let me spell this concept out for the sake of
liberals. The common liberal ideal is to take all of the control over
the money away from those who are forced to influence others to
introduce laws on their behalf and give it's control entirely into the
hands of those that actually make the laws. You think corruption is
bad now, well wait until those who make the law also control all of
the money, as they see fit, then you'll truly see corruption. This is
why I say that even if liberals actually won all they wanted, they
have still lost because they gave government unprecedented control
over them. Only now, instead of a king-subject relationship where a
king always knew that his life depended upon his nobility willing to
tolerate him, we'll have a monarchy that's called a Republic, an
autocracy that's called a Democracy, and the kings and queens who run
it all don't even have to worry about other royalty killing them in
their sleep when they screw their nations for their own gain.
[Posted by Tillerman at 2011-11-12T21:49:04+00:00 - Side: True]

Democrats...Communists...Socialists, pretty much interchangeable
terms. It's like comparing grapefruit to oranges. Who gives a fuck
about the details, they are all anti-freedom sacks of shit.
Republicans suck almost as badly, but not quite.
[Posted by Enlightened1 at 2011-01-01T01:00:19+00:00 - Side: True]

	No, they're not. They're just fooled, like many many more of us would
	be if we didn't have the failures like Nazi Germany, Communism, and
	socialism to learn from. It's just that liberal America has been told
	by everyone around them to blame the wrong things, to hate certain
	people, to despise those that earned their place and success in
	society.
	[Posted by Tillerman at 2011-11-12T22:01:05+00:00 - Side: False]

I only refute this because it is presented as a blanket statement and
I do not believe it refers to all Dems. Some aim for socialism. Many
wish to integrate socialism into the capitalist system to varying
degrees but do not want to go all the way. I believe some support
socialist ideas without actively realizing it. And I personally know a
few who are completely opposed to socialism. I do not think you can
say that all Democrats are trying to progress towards socialism and
communism, although it is more common on that side of the aisle than
on the right.
[Posted by imrigone at 2010-12-29T22:41:47+00:00 - Side: False]

	I believe some support socialist ideas without actively realizing it.
	Yes, like public school systems. Police agencies and Road workers.
	Parks and wildlife reserves. Social security. {Shakes Fist Angrily}
	[Posted by Bohemian at 2010-12-29T23:40:38+00:00 - Side: False]

		Heh. I will assume that since you supported my comment, that you are
		not shaking your fist at me. But I would like to point out that I
		never said word one about my opinions on socialism. I fully support
		EVERYTHING you mentioned, and more.
		[Posted by imrigone at 2010-12-30T00:05:23+00:00 - Side: False]

		None of which were left up to government in the first place. All of
		these things could be privatized, social security could be eliminated.
		Social Security and Wildlife Reserves were all brought about during
		the progressive era (FDR, TR, HH). Police could be left up to the
		states as could school systems. Public schooling does not work, and
		police forces have a hard time getting funding as well. The more
		social programs you have the harder it is to fund them. Yet the
		progressives still want more
		[Posted by TPARTY at 2010-12-30T02:09:33+00:00 - Side: True]

			Police departments and school systems for the most part are state
			run, the federal government has very limited involvement in either of
			these institutions, and what involvement it has, it has for a reason.
			The FBI for example, works on crimes occurring between multiple
			states, and crimes against the federal government. The states run
			their own standardized testing, the states decide on the curricula,
			the states decide on which textbooks to use, and the states decide
			educational requirements. The only thing the Feds do is ensure that
			there is a standard being used in each state. Police have a difficult
			time getting proper funding because police forces get the majority of
			their funding from the Local governments (exception: State troopers),
			so if the community is suffering then the Police force will suffer as
			well. If you think you have a solution I'd love to hear it. And yet we
			fund things like public education, police/fire, and roads etc...
			because they are essential services necessary to run a state. People
			don't generally think of these services as "socialism" because we need
			these services if we want to maintain a certain standard of living.
			Yes, it's very possible to overextend our resources, and this is
			perhaps what we are doing right now. What I'm saying if any anything
			is this. Some social programs are needed, some level of socialism has
			always been involved in the running of our government, but this is not
			always a bad thing. People see socialism as some sort of evil foe that
			needs to be slain, but socialism is only bad when over-used. I will
			argue that the most successful governments in history have features of
			both capitalism and socialism.
			[Posted by Bohemian at 2010-12-30T12:05:42+00:00 - Side: False]

		All of which (except for Social Security, which should be eliminated
		anyway) are left to the state. But even if you want to go down that
		road, the difference is that security agencies protect the people,
		which is guaranteed by the Second Amendment. Socialism comes from the
		government taking over the market, as opposed to letting the people
		choose prices, employment, services and goods, etc.
		[Posted by ThePyg at 2010-12-30T11:21:04+00:00 - Side: True]

			Nothing is guaranteed by a constitution that a foreign entity like
			the UN is not required to follow. Also, every right we have is not
			only a privilege, it's voluntary, as in we can choose to forgo that
			right as many people did in Germany because they were afraid for their
			lives. Also, money, or more accurately, debt is a very indirect and
			powerful form of control. One can volunteer not to exercise their
			right when they know that by exercising their right, they won't get
			the needed funds. Think about it. The most liberal states will always
			be liberal because their liberalism will be a defining factor on the
			amount of funds they receive, and they are so desperately in debt,
			they cannot afford to piss the wrong politicians off. Sure, such
			control could probably be challenged in court, but can you tell me by
			which laws or amendments? Can you even prove it because CA is full of
			like-minded liberals so CA, nor the federal government will ever admit
			it. Besides that debt desperation doesn't do anything to the
			politician themselves except make them rich as the more money that
			flows, the more of it can be skimmed, and the more of it diverted to
			allies who will in turn donate back to the politician. Sure the state
			will suffer, but the politician will only become more powerful. If you
			need proof, you have only to look to the party who gains the most the
			more people suffer, the more impoverished they are, the more broken
			homes there are. Yeah, social programs make massive amounts of money
			that gets funneled to politicians all over the nation, and not only
			that, who do people who are suffering, and most often less educated
			because of the impoverished state they live in, vote for? Who do they
			support? Tell me also, what party you think would benefit the most if
			everyone was successful, either employed or owned their own business,
			and most who wanted to own their own business knew more or less what
			they could do to attempt to make an entrepreneur of themselves? LOL,
			it's obvious. When you look at the reality of what's going on, you
			begin to see who's benefiting from our failures, and who from our
			successes. Then when politicians do or support things that would
			obviously hurt our economy, especially when it turns out those things
			failed and did indeed hurt our economy, how their power grows at every
			failure, their money increases at every failure, how people cry out in
			the streets on their behalf because of the failures.
			[Posted by Tillerman at 2011-11-12T22:15:05+00:00 - Side: True]

Democrats do not like Socialism or Communism. Democrats believe in
equality for all and compassion for the poor.
[Posted by PhxDemocrat at 2015-07-12T05:17:21+00:00 - Side: FALSE]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
