Title: How can gay marriage hurt any one?
Posted by Inkeddreams
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one

Comments:

While a person may not agree with it morally, Gay marriage does
nothing that physicly hurts anyone. Opponents of this, are forgetting
that there is a separation of church and state. Its time to quit
policing peoples morals and learn that two concenting adults should be
able to have the same rights as anyone else. Its called America
folks...Remember "The Land of the Free"?
[Posted by Inkeddreams at 2008-11-16T14:53:06+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Actually, the person on the receiving end sometimes gets butt hurt.
	Or so I'm told ;)
	[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-16T15:56:10+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		What is it that makes you think you're funny Joe? What makes you
		think you can write anything you please on the debate boards and not
		have to pay the piper for it? I just voted you down for the remark you
		made in this debate and will continue to do so every time I see an
		answer from you that is not germane or is disguised as a piece of
		humor because you don't really care to take a stand. On this one you
		used the tag to get your true feelings on the board and decided to
		make a "butt" joke out of the topic. I can't be an ally anymore Joe.
		Even though my sense of fun and humor are intact...yours really isn't
		because you use it to injure and hurt people. You make a mockery of
		things that are important to many people and you just don't care about
		anyone else but yourself Joe. I don't really know what you're doing
		here! You put up debates that are ridiculous, you put up arguments
		that are even more ridiculous and, quite frankly, I don't know why CD
		allows it. You lend no credibility to this site nor do you even think
		about it in that way. You said once that all you want to do is have
		fun and show people that they take things too seriously in life. This
		IS a debate site...don't you think that one of the reasons for its
		existence and success is the fact that people do take things seriously
		enough to come debate whatever issue they feel is worth discussing?
		Why don't you take a moment to think about what I've said Joe. Until
		you can really be an ally or a friend...Adios!
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-16T21:18:44+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Hmmmm. I have put my views out there (made a stand). Maybe it's hard
			to distinguish when I'm kidding and when I'm being serious. Here's my
			position on the subject. I think that same sex couples should bypass
			th liberal right and secure civil unions because the rights afforded
			to married couples are more important than the word "married." Would
			you rather use the word "married" but not have any rights or have the
			rights but not the word? I know you want both but think about this.
			Demanding both has resulted in a backlash. The religious right was
			able to spend less and out organize the gay community in order to get
			proposition 8 passed. What does that tell you? It tells me that the
			religious right is deeply offended at the demands made by the gay
			community. The religious right feels (right or wrong) that the word
			belongs to them. The gay community has not understood this and has
			made matters worse by claiming that the religious right is hateful (I
			know because I've seen the bumper stickers). This is really strange
			because in poll after poll people seem OK with civil unions. It is as
			though the gay community is so focused on their goal that they fail to
			hear what the religious right is saying and when they do hear they
			(truly or intentionally) misunderstand the words and misrepresent
			them. The religious right is willing to give the gay community its
			rights....., but not the word. And all the litigation in the world
			will never force the majority of the religious right that are
			currently alive to accept gays as married. If anything, litigation
			will have an opposite effect. The gay community will eventually win
			this battle but (if they continue using the current approach) the
			damage done to the relationship between the two groups will suffer
			greatly. The gay community is alienating the religious right. I know
			that the gay community feels that they are the ones being alienated by
			the religious right. But think about this. How would you feel if some
			homeless guy came into your home and (not negotiated but) demanded a
			place to sleep? You have the room. You don't need it all at any given
			point in time. He will have all kinds of reasons why he should be
			allowed to sleep there. And if you refuse because it is your home and
			he shouldn't be making demands, he'll say that you're a hateful
			person. Don't bother answering because if there's anything I have
			learned is that you can't change a person's mind with just an
			argument. Just as you wont change mine. And since you have made it
			clear that friendship to you means that I have to (not only accept but
			actually) share your point of view, I accept your request to be
			enemies. I respect your point of view but I don't share it. One last
			thing. This is hokey, I know, but it does seem to make me feel better
			sometimes. Maybe it will make you feel better. God give me the
			strength to change the things I can, the patience to put it with the
			things I can't, and the wisdom to know the difference.
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-17T06:46:22+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				Well thanks for the advice straight boy but quite frankly, you don't
				know your ass from your elbow when it comes to gay rights, what we
				want or what we deserve as human beings. It's not the word they object
				to...it's the entire concept. Your analogy of the homeless guy needing
				a bed to sleep in is about as demented as you are. Joe, I don't give a
				twaddle if you agree with me on any issue but the one thing you're
				wrong about is that I ever expected you to share my views nor do I
				expect that from anyone here or in my life. That's not friendship,
				that's being a puppet at someone else's whim. Being a friend Joe means
				that one must choose words carefully when you know that the other
				person is offended or hurt by the subject matter. You don't make a
				joke about it, at the very least! Think about what I said on the
				debate when that person was looking for your retirement from this
				site. I said what I did because it was wrong and you were my ally even
				though I was still bruised from the last brouhaha regarding Repubgal.
				You were so busy trying to think of unfunny things to say you couldn't
				think for one moment that I may have needed some words of
				encouragement from you on that board! And another thing....you seem to
				think you have to accept MY decision to relegate you to the cheap
				seats and name you an enemy. I don't need your permission to do that
				and I don't care if you like it or not. And if you're going to quote
				the Serenity Prayer, why don't you try and get it right. Perhaps the
				real prayer will mean more than Joe's version of it. It goes like this
				Boffo: God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change,
				Courage to change the things I can and Wisdom to know the difference.
				I don't need to feel better but perhaps you do. I can only hope that
				someday you can comprehend its meaning.
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T01:04:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					"Think about what I said on the debate when that person was looking
					for your retirement from this site. I said what I did because it was
					wrong and you were my ally even though I was still bruised from the
					last brouhaha regarding Repubgal. You were so busy trying to think of
					unfunny things to say you couldn't think for one moment that I may
					have needed some words of encouragement from you on that board!" OK,
					look. I'm sorry. I didn't realize that you needed some words of
					encouragement from me or anyone. You and I are different in that I'm
					more callous. I didn't need for you to stick up for me and I never
					understood why you let Repubgal get to you. This fundamental
					difference is what makes us be at odds with each other. For what it's
					worth, I hope the gay community gets what they want. It doesn't affect
					me in any way shape or form. When proposition 8 passed and the facts
					came out (blacks voted overwhelmingly for it, the proponents spent
					less money and won, etc.) and after talking to people who had signs on
					their yard, I realized that this was an up hill battle and suggested
					by passing the religious right. But you're right. I'm a straight boy,
					as you so eloquently put it, and I guess I will never understand you
					or your plight. I thought my heart was in the right place; that I was
					lending a helping hand. But I guess none is wanted nor needed so deal
					with it on your own. I don't care.
					[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T06:46:11+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				It's not hokey, Joe, it is a way of life! I also agree with the quote
				you posted and try, even though at times it is very hard, to live my
				life by it: "God give me the strength to change the things I can, the
				patience to put it with the things I can't, and the wisdom to know the
				difference."
				[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-18T13:21:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			You seem to think that only your vision of what this site should be
			is the valid vision. Only your vision of how votes should be used is
			the right one. And on top of all that you want to add even more rules
			like, you have to leave a reason explaining why they down voted you.
			That seems strange from someone who wants to be accepted. It's like
			you want to be accepted on your terms but you don't want to have to
			accept others on their terms. You want ot have your cake and eat it
			too. Human nature, I guess ;) BTW, if log on as downvote, you can down
			vote again ;)
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-17T06:58:59+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				I accept at least 90% if not more of the people that contribute to
				this site. You just happen to be one of the three I do not accept
				anymore and that decision took me a while. My vision of what this site
				should be does not differ that much from what it is, however, when I
				do have a problem with something I bring it up and try to talk about
				it! And I'll bring it up again and again until I can get the attention
				of the powers that be. My vision of how votes should be used also
				doesn't differ that much from what was perceived as the correct way to
				use them, whether they be up or down. I don't have to have a complete
				reason for why someone up or down voted me or anyone else but down
				voting has been as huge issue for me since I'm the one who got hit. I
				certainly didn't notice anyone stepping up to say that was wrong
				before I made the accusatory debate. People can simply run in and out
				of debates, down vote someone they don't like and up vote those they
				do and that is not right! It renders the numbers meaningless. I also
				haven't heard any suggestions made to make the voting better for
				everyone! Accepted? Yes! Everyone wishes to be accepted on their own
				terms but if that means I must accept a person when they behave like a
				complete ass, that's not something I would do. If someone else has a
				problem with me they usually state it but I haven't heard much from
				anyone except the very young ones so what shall I think? There are
				plenty of people whose views I don't agree with but I accept them for
				who they are and how they are, generally speaking. The only thing I do
				not accept, across the board, are those that are ill mannered and can
				say nothing in defense of their own arguments other than to start the
				name calling or rag on the age routine. I don't wish to have my cake
				and eat it too and I do not understand why you would accuse me of
				wanting that. The only other thing I don't understand at all is your
				very last sentence; BTW, if log on as I down vote, you can down vote
				again ;) What does that mean?
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-17T18:22:46+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					"I don't have to have a complete reason for why someone up or down
					voted me or anyone else but down voting has been as huge issue for me
					since I'm the one who got hit. I certainly didn't notice anyone
					stepping up to say that was wrong before I made the accusatory
					debate." I was hit before but I don't care about the points so it
					doesn't come naturally to me to think that an adult would care about
					some lousy points. That's why I "didn't step up to say that it was
					wrong." But after the fact I tried to give you some of my points
					because I realized that they were important to you and they weren't
					important to me. "People can simply run in and out of debates, down
					vote someone they don't like and up vote those they do and that is not
					right!" Yes, that's right and life is not fair. I learned that a long
					time ago. The difference is that I accept the fact that life is not
					fair and I learn the rules so that I can bend them. I don't try to
					change the rules. I guess that's what makes me conservative ;) "The
					only thing I do not accept, across the board, are those that are ill
					mannered and can say nothing in defense of their own arguments other
					than to start the name calling or rag on the age routine." You are the
					one that started with the name calling. I guess that's what makes you
					a liberal ;) "I don't wish to have my cake and eat it too and I do not
					understand why you would accuse me of wanting that." I said that
					because it appears to me that you are not interested in negotiating.
					It seems that when you feel that you are entitled to something to
					should just demand it and then you expect to get it. This is what I
					see happening between the religious right and the gay community. I
					tell you what I see because it may be of some value to you. I'm
					standing outside looking in. I have a different point of view. When
					two blind men try to describe an elephant to each other, and they are
					standing on the opposite end of the elephant, should one man discard
					the other man's point of view as wrong or should he consider what the
					other is telling him in order to come up with a more complete picture?
					Think about that for a moment because we are on different ends of the
					elephant and I'm just providing input from where I'm standing in the
					hopes that it is of some benefit to you. If it isn't, then I'll just
					STFU because I don't have a dog in this fight.
					[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T07:06:06+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

						Do you expect me to believe that YOU don't care about points? YOU,
						who do everything in your power to collect them so that it's at the
						point of being ridiculous! You tried to give me your points? Yes,
						right....when you know darned well that cannot be done nor would I
						expect that of anyone and least of all you! I'm the one who started
						name calling? Please tell me you're joking! Outside of this argument
						between us, tell me who, what and where! I am always interested in
						negotiating with anyone who will listen. Successful negotiations need
						two people to want to resolve something. Who do you think straightened
						out the terrible incident with repubgal? Yes, you bet I'm entitled,
						just as everyone else is to be treated fairly and like a human being.
						Those are things I'll never give up on. I'll fight it for me and I'll
						fight it for you and anyone else. That's a matter of record on this
						site and in my life. I could hate you but still stand up for your
						right to be.
						[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T17:07:22+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							Are you going to leave me alone or what?
							[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T18:41:09+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

								When you stop writing to me I'll stop. I have no intention on
								answering you otherwise but I won't have you write garbage about me
								without defending myself.....So why don't you leave well enough alone
								and I'll have nothing to reply to. It's real simple!
								[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T21:07:58+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

									Ah, OK, I get it..... you want to have the last word ;)
									[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T21:59:59+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					It means that you can click where it says "Logon" and instead of
					using your user name and password you can use " [email protected] "
					for the user name and then use the password "createdebate" to down
					vote me again. It is an anonymous account that was created for people
					that wanted to down vote someone, tell them why they down voted and
					still remain anonymous. This information was on another debate. Since
					you are so intent on down voting me I figured I'd help you out.
					[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T00:27:35+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						Well thanks for the info...it sure is interesting that you would know
						that. I've voted you down a hundred times and all for the same reason.
						How many times do you wish me to repeat it?
						[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T01:07:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							Do it till your finger falls off for all I care ;)
							[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T06:27:59+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			comedy is best in bad taste. the more people it offends, the better
			(unless it offends everyone but you). lighten up, it's the internetz,
			not C-SPAN.
			[Posted by ThePyg at 2008-11-16T21:34:53+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				Internet or not...This IS a DEBATE SITE and not a garbage pail! It
				certainly doesn't have to be C-SPAN but it would be nice if this site
				and the people who debate here were taken a bit more seriouly than
				this! This isn't open mike night at The Comedy Club...if it were, he'd
				lose.
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-17T17:30:24+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					please, we all need people who can provide some witty comments. and
					yes, that was funny cause it kind of is true. if we stayed serious all
					the time, it wouldn't be that fun to come here as often. yes, i'll
					admit, 80% of the topics that Joe brings up is crap, but his replies
					are pretty funny and necessary.
					[Posted by ThePyg at 2008-11-17T17:39:03+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

						Pyg if you think Joe's comment is kind of true, then I would suggest
						you use more lube ;)
						[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-17T19:49:46+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							something like that has to be KIND OF true.
							[Posted by ThePyg at 2008-11-17T20:01:41+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

							OK, that made me lol. One up vote. ;)
							[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T06:26:23+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				I'm yet to see any comedy from Joe.
				[Posted by xaeon at 2008-11-20T07:00:18+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				I couldn't give you a high five so an up vote will have to do ;)
				[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-17T06:59:49+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		Ignore Kuklapolitan, Joe. Your argument was funny, though not quite
		up to par.
		[Posted by TERMINATOR at 2010-04-26T16:43:09+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		FUCKIN' A MAN!!!! literally ;)
		[Posted by ThePyg at 2008-11-16T21:33:25+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			Another piece of brilliance from machonazi! That is now the counter
			to feminazi....what you call women!
			[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T01:13:42+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				are you guys nazie? do you hate jewish people? ug taking up words la
				la la.
				[Posted by jakeisabaest at 2012-04-23T16:18:50+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				That's funny. One up vote for you ;)
				[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T07:06:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	A world without morals? Is this your great idea? Sexual deviants
	would thrive in this environment. Morality is a dimension of a human
	being which you must not ignore. Or is this your agenda? Neither the
	church nor America has the franchise on morality. Freedoms are always
	within boundaries.
	[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-03-14T21:26:43+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		First off sharpiron, I don't have anything against you as a person.
		But have you looked at the world lately, it is already to the point
		that sexual deviants thrive in this world. That isn't gay peoples
		fault. The fact that molestation, insert, rape and child pornography
		and adultery happen is proof of that. Very few are ever held
		accountable for their actions. Politicians are caught doing it all the
		time, and its passed off as a "simple mistake". Especially if it is a
		heterosexual act. The act of allowing two men or two women to marry
		does not hurt anyone or even family values, because we just want the
		same thing straight people already have and take for granted.
		Acceptance in this world to be able to love whom we want to love.
		Monogamous, loving relationships with someone of the same gender. We
		want families and children and the love and respect and adoration from
		someone who pledges their life to us as we pledge our life to them. I
		was raised in a loving Christian home, my grandmother was my preacher
		until I was 30. I love God and always have even from the time I was a
		small child. I was raised to believe that all homosexuals were going
		to hell and that the only cure was a good woman. So at the age of 20 I
		married. I cried and prayed many nights for God to make the thought of
		a man be repulsive to me and after 11 years of marriage I finally
		realized I was gay and had been all along. My feelings for men had
		been with me since I was young, the first memory I have was at the age
		of 11. I so desperately wanted to fit in, to be accepted by my family,
		to go to Heaven. It took me 19 years to realize that I am still God's
		child and he loves me, even as a gay man. It was definitely hard to
		understand after years of being told how horrible and wrong all gay
		people were, only to realize I had been trying to be something I
		wasn't and it was slowly killing me from the inside out. Many times I
		just prayed for God to kill me. But it never came. Once I finally
		accepted who I was, who I had always been, God gave me the peace I
		needed. My own mother stated she wished she had never had me and most
		of my blood relatives have nothing to do with me. You know the
		scripture that says to not be unequally yoked, well apparently my love
		for God wasn't enough. I was escorted from my church and told not to
		come back until I was ready to renounce my sexuality and come back to
		the fold. I don't blame God for what others do in his name. I am sad
		that my family isn't judgement free like they claim to be. I am sad
		that they will never know the man I love and have loved faithfully for
		over two years. I plan to marry him, with or without a marriage
		certificate. The way I see it, Adam and Eve didn't need a piece of
		paper to be married, and neither do I. Marriage is a state of mind and
		a way of life. Even the most married people fall into infidelity
		because the words they spake didn't mean anything. So gay or straight
		if your heart isn't in it, is it really a marriage. I wish everyone
		would just worry about themselves and recognize the hurt they cause by
		telling others to do as they say and not what they do. I hope everyone
		out there that may read this can get the sense that I am Gay, I am in
		a loving relationship with a man, I am a God fearing and God loving
		man. And God loves me for who I am, not what the world thinks I should
		be.
		[Posted by Timbo7834 at 2012-05-01T22:28:24+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I feel for you Timbo7834, but welcome to life as a human. I to have
			choice issues to resolve and intend to spend my entire life working on
			them. The other issue I ignore. Therefore it is clear that our views
			differ on what is choice?
			[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-05-08T03:00:41+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			exactly my point - gays should be held accountable for their actions
			too... How's that for equality, eh?
			[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:40:50+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I am reassured that you will not produce genetic offspring - this is
			the last thing we need; One who claims to sit on the fence between
			religion and aberrant sexual lifestyles AND claims to be at peace up
			there...
			[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:43:01+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Since when did he intend to rid the world of morals? He is just
		reminding us that we shouldn't be intolerant assholes in a free
		county- when the thing we are discriminating doesn't affect us at all-
		so why should we care what they do in their homes?
		[Posted by Facadeon at 2012-03-15T05:01:53+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Science prides itself on making observation and via extrapolation
			forming plausible conclusions. Crude as it may be, my conclusion of a
			world without morals does not seem so far-fetch when considering the
			exponential increase in challenges from contemporary moral reformer.
			What is the reason for this? People do not what to be viewed as
			immoral or unethical. I concern is what's next? Lowering the age of
			consent to 10yrs? Freedom to have relation with animals? Just based on
			observation of what moral and ethical standards are under attack, one
			can conclude eventually we (mankind) will be living in a world without
			morals.
			[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-03-18T17:43:08+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				I concern is what's next? Lowering the age of consent to 10yrs?
				Nothing comes next. Science has observed homosexuality in over 800
				species and counting. It is just a thing of nature that just occurs
				and it is completely harmless. So what if they are born with estrogen
				or testosterone imbalances, they are hardly different from us. Sadly,
				this society has this immature fear against them- no thanks to
				religion.
				[Posted by Facadeon at 2012-03-19T02:47:18+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					My concern of what is next is a plausible question. This is obviously
					an emotive topic for you, but you need to do your research, especially
					on the age of consent. Yes, the number of species observed with
					homosexual tendencies is vast, but does this makes it moral, ethical
					or "completely harmless"? Who draws the line when it comes to
					patterning animal behaviour? Moralism and morality are opposites and
					thus there should be no confusion with each other. I am not homophobic
					but do have a phobia for lies being portrayed as truth, and I also
					have a plausible fear of the impact of these positions would have on
					your society. Heuristics as scepticism should not be a resting place
					for critical thinkers, hence considering the outcome (“what comes
					next”) of this revised moral position on your society should not be so
					offensive to you.
					[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-03-23T23:35:58+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

						When it is of two consenting adults, it is fine. When it involves
						children and adults- who are not fully developed, it is crossing a
						line. When it involves an animal- who is not as socially aware as a
						human, it is crossing a line. So basically, it should only be a
						consensual relationship between two developed beings.
						[Posted by Facadeon at 2013-04-11T21:28:52+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Science prides itself on making observation and via extrapolation
			forming plausible conclusions. Crude as it may be, my conclusion of a
			world without morals does not seem so far-fetch when considering the
			exponential increase in challenges from contemporary moral reformer.
			What is the reason for this? People do not what to be viewed as
			immoral or unethical. I concern is what's next? Lowering the age of
			consent to 10yrs? Freedom to have relation with animals? Just based on
			observation of what moral and ethical standards are under attack, one
			can conclude eventually we (mankind) will be living in a world without
			morals.
			[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-03-18T18:56:38+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			If you value tolerance and acceptance why not let m. jackson babysit
			for you sometime? Maybe we should be tolerant of Charles Manson or
			David Koresh or Hannibal Lechter??? Sheeesh, the lengths some folks go
			to, to simply say "I want to do it because I want to do it..." amazes
			me, truly
			[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:46:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				Don't disrespect Michael Jackson; he was a great man who was abused
				in his childhood, and was further abused by the media; spreading
				nasty, outlandish rumors. Homosexuality is nothing like pedophillia or
				cannibalism; it is the consensual relationship between two developed
				adults who happen to be of the same sex. Cannibalism is an act of
				assault which really can hurt people, and pedophilla can destroy the
				lives of children who are not fully developed in maturity and
				sexuality. Literally hundreds of animal species have been observed to
				have homosexuals- which means it is a natural occurrence.
				[Posted by Facadeon at 2013-04-11T21:40:21+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		You think allowing gays to marry constitutes a "world without
		morals?" And sexual deviation can be pretty fun in my experience, and
		i don't see anything immoral about it. Dont see your point.
		[Posted by ChadOnSunday at 2012-05-01T15:08:08+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			The definition of true freedom captures the essence of all
			contemporary debates. Whether we accept it or not, freedom has
			boundaries. Morality and ethic governs these boundaries. Thus, as
			knowledge increases, we venture beyond established limits.
			Understandably so, but as we enter the uncharted, morality and ethics
			must continue to govern us (they are the lamp to our feet). As a
			consequence this is where knowledge and wisdom diverge. Allowing Gays
			to marry is in my opinion the moral tipping point where all things
			deviant (which you love) would gain legitimacy. This is a knowledge
			driven venture only without understanding its ultimate impact on our
			society.
			[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-05-08T02:38:49+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				Why is it immoral or unethical for gays to marry? And am i right in
				saying that in your mind legitimizing gay marriage is equivalent to
				legitimizing rape, child porn, and sex with animals? And why do I love
				deviant sexual behavior? Perhaps we should define the term, because i
				know to many right wing Christians deviant sexual behavior means
				anything outside of missionary position for a few minutes before bed.
				[Posted by ChadOnSunday at 2012-05-08T12:25:01+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					That you operate outside social norms you are classified as a
					Deviant. Your anus or a plastic/steel/wooden rod is not a sexual
					organ; therefore using them in a sexual act should be considered
					abnormal, shouldn't it? Having anal sex is like trying to eat food
					with your eyes (it just was not design for that). The normal curve is
					used in all fields of studies to classify what is acceptable and
					what's not. It also determines when mechanical plants are to be
					changed, unearths systematic errors and blunders. Of special concern
					are systematic errors, which are frequently caused by miscalibration.
					This error in a system also produces normal curve, but skewed. Thus,
					shifting the goal post thereby making previously deviance behaviour
					acceptable. That’s why you (ChadOnSunday221) can no longer see that
					gay marriages are immoral and unethical; it was a slide of hands.
					Attempting to make us believe that homosexuality is an identity and
					not a choice was the tactical manoeuvre. Where will this post be in
					the future, who knows? Chad we may wake up one morning a discover that
					rape, child porn, sex with animals, lowered age of consent, etc. are
					now social norms.
					[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-05-12T14:38:33+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					When you operate outside social norms you are classified as a
					Deviant. Your anus or a plastic/steel/wooden rod is not a sexual
					organ; therefore using them in a sexual act should be considered
					abnormal, shouldn't it? Having anal sex is like trying to eat food
					with your eyes (it just was not design for that). The normal curve is
					used in all fields of studies to classify what is acceptable and
					what's not. It also determines when mechanical plants are to be
					changed, unearths systematic errors and blunders. Of special concern
					are systematic errors, which are frequently caused by miscalibration.
					This error in a system also produces normal curve, but skewed. Thus,
					shifting the goal post thereby making previously deviance behaviour
					acceptable. That’s why you (ChadOnSunday221) can no longer see that
					gay marriages are immoral and unethical; it was a slide of hands.
					Attempting to make us believe that homosexuality is an identity and
					not a choice was the tactical manoeuvre. Where will this post be in
					the future, who knows? Chad we may wake up one morning a discover that
					rape, child porn, sex with animals, lowered age of consent, etc. are
					now social norms.
					[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-05-12T14:43:48+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

						Okay, so the behavior of the minority is abnormal, abnormal is
						deviant, and deviant behavior often isn't accepted by the majority.
						This is what you've established, and I don't disagree with it. But
						nowhere have you done anything to show why the behavior of the
						minority is unethical and immoral simply because it is deviant. You
						haven't shown abnormal behavior to be unacceptable, just stated that
						it is frequently unaccepted - by people like you. I suppose the once
						deviant notion that a woman's word was equal to that of a man's, the
						abnormal view that women should be allowed to vote and own property
						was just "a slide of hands" by the women's rights movement. And, of
						course, if we apply your logic evenly, this makes them immoral and
						unethical for perpetrating deviant behavior. Godforbid we see it as
						social progress, it was something new and different, how could it be?
						Your slippery slope argument comes off more like paranoia. If you cant
						make the distinction between rape and homosexuality simply because
						they are both actions of the minority, you must live in a very
						frightening world.
						[Posted by ChadOnSunday at 2012-05-13T11:49:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							Chad what your concept of ethics and morality? I do not understand
							your point of view.
							[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-05-13T22:02:07+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

								Stanford puts it better than I can: The term “morality” can be used
								either descriptively to refer to some codes of conduct put forward by
								a society or, some other group, such as a religion, or accepted by an
								individual for her own behavior or normatively to refer to a code of
								conduct that, given specified conditions, would be put forward by all
								rational persons.
								[Posted by ChadOnSunday at 2012-05-14T11:35:37+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

									Okay good Chad, let us apply this definition to my previous
									contentious argument with you. I argued that anal sex and also using a
									plastic/wooden/steel rod in a sexual act are irrational. Further Chad,
									when we are aroused, our body reacts by producing lubrication in
									preparation for intercourse. Therefore using other body parts in
									sexual acts are irrational, don't you think? Morality constrains us,
									it qualifies right and wrong, it not alien to us it's built-in, coded,
									programming into our humanity. The concept of the original position is
									based upon this inalienable human trait. Moralism (which we both
									obviously hate) is a bully, it attempts to devour and threaten others.
									Therefore don't confuse morality which is innate with the hypocritical
									self-promoting moralism. In addition Chad, my view is in the minority
									now, because of the shifting goal post, look at the Argument Ratio or
									the Debate info above.
									[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-05-14T14:26:46+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	I just find it unfair for a young kid to be adopted by a gay couple.
	The most probable thing is that the kid will follow the couples
	beliefs in sexuality...... Remember "The Land of the Free?"
	[Posted by victor714 at 2012-08-04T05:34:05+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		First of all, that is not how being raised by gay parents works, and
		you are still not saying what the problem with gay people is. Is it
		really so bad that they might make more people gay. That is like
		saying that straight couples should not be allowed together because
		they might raise a straight child. And aren't you kind of
		contradicting yourself with that last bit? "The Land of the Free"?
		That means free for everyone , not just straight people. I'm sorry,
		but I think you have a very poorly formed argument.
		[Posted by Libberachi at 2016-06-06T22:47:26+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Does this apply to incestuous gay marriage as well? I like you post,
	just something to think about from a different debate.
	[Posted by StickinStone at 2013-07-17T17:16:01+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Your blind. Dumb noob. Why don't you go and say "abortion doesn't
	hurt anyone". Hypocrite.
	[Posted by Gossip_lies at 2017-08-08T01:16:41+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		Your blind Twice in two posts you've confused the possessive pronoun
		with the contraction of you and are, which is a grammatical mistake
		most people stop making by the 7th grade.
		[Posted by Quantumhead at 2017-08-08T01:19:16+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I highly doubt it. But I know ur just a hypocrite. So I'll not
			respond anymore after this. Try and clear ur eyes with the natural
			aura.
			[Posted by Gossip_lies at 2017-08-08T01:26:45+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	It is the United States Constitution’s Separation of Church and State
	which describes same gender marriage as illegal this is due to how it
	directs a witness under State authority. Ignoring the open plagiarism
	taking places, so we do not to drag out the many sides of this debate.
	A constitutional example of a title for two men who are making an
	agreement publicly so it can be witnessed is Binivir. See it is not
	sexually explicit and does not make an innuendo.
	[Posted by John_C_1812 at 2017-08-08T13:09:54+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Gay marriage has its repercussions in the long run. It is not how God
	designed us so therefore it gives a bad cultural influence to our
	children. Gay marriage is not something new and it has been prominent
	in past history. It was especially prominent in days before the fall
	of empires. For example the Roman empire? History is just repeating
	itself.
	[Posted by needforgains at 2017-09-09T16:12:39+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Gay marriage has its repercussions in the long run. It is not how God
	designed us so therefore it gives a bad cultural influence to our
	children. Gay marriage is not something new and it has been prominent
	in past history. It was especially prominent in days before the fall
	of empires. For example the Roman empire? History is just repeating
	itself.
	[Posted by needforgains at 2017-09-09T16:18:03+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	There is also a separation between public and private. Making your
	private wants a public issue is an abuse of government. If you don't
	want your morals policed keep them where everyone else keeps them.
	Private. If I wanted to get a tattoo, a perfectly legal decision on my
	part, and then had a public debate on the values of getting tattoos,
	do you think I should be surprised if some people disagreed with me?
	And then, should I cry out that the government is abusing its power?
	[Posted by jwitter at 2008-11-28T10:36:35+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		Exactly! Keep straight marriage a private thing too! Either take it
		out of the church or take it out of our government. I don't want to
		see you hold your wifes hand, or even look at her. In fact, lets kinda
		dab a little into what Middle Eastern Countries are doing, huh? Put a
		sheet over her and if anyone asks, she's not your wife... she's just a
		thing. Gay marriage and everything that goes along with marriage can't
		be kept private because the Right-Wing is making such a big deal about
		it.
		[Posted by ace1991 at 2012-05-01T13:23:54+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I am a straight Christian and support gay marriage. Why? Simple.
Separation of church and state. Gay marriage opposition states that
they want to preserve the sanctity of marriage. Let's look at the
definition of sanctity: the quality or state of being holy or sacred.
That tells me: you cannot preserve the holiness of an act that is
governed by the law. That is a violation of church and state. If
someone, a Christian or other religious person, wants to get married
under the eyes of God in their church, then fine. But it is not our
place to impede upon the rights of others that want to be married
under the eyes of the law. Or even God, for that matter. I know many
gay Christians. It is not our place to judge others or take away from
them. Prop 8 is threatening to take away the rights of 18,000 ALREADY
MARRIED couples. And all because our religious views clash with their
lifestyles. This is not our battle. I support gay marriage, and I
support my gay married friends and will continue to fight with them
for their equality. Gay marriage does not hurt anyone except those of
whom we are stripping away rights. There is no way to prove that gay
marriage would impose upon our children in our schools. And besides,
kids are going to learn about it anyway, right? Look at MTV right now.
You think these kids don't know what's going on?
[Posted by cj3905 at 2008-11-30T07:33:21+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I applaud your ability to not impose your personal beliefs on others.
	If only more religious people could be like you.
	[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-04-28T02:39:29+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I have noticed that many non-religious people impose their personal
		"religious" views on others. For example, I would like to see them
		support polygamy for consenting adults. Despite denying being
		religious, they want to impose their views on others by denying
		polygamists the right to marry.
		[Posted by EricM at 2011-06-30T17:16:01+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	This is a brilliant statement, and I have to agree with you on this.
	I'm straight and currently have no defined religion (only one born of
	personal beliefs that has no name) but I don't see the problem with
	same sex marriage. For this, I use the same philosophy as in every
	part of my life: If what someone is doing doesn't hurt anyone else,
	they can keep doing it. Gay marriage isn't exactly killing anyone,
	people should put their effort into issues that actually matter
	instead of denying happy couples their right to be legally married.
	[Posted by scyoni at 2009-11-25T23:26:34+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Your rights are endowed by the creator, and they exist as long as
		they dont infringe on anothers rights, actually when I was growing up
		they taught this in school, I guess they dont anymore. Marriage is not
		a right, but if it were they would have the same right I do to marry
		someone of the opposite sex, what they are asking for is a special
		right, this is unconstitutional according to the 14th amendment. All
		that aside allowing gay marriage hurts many people in many ways, and
		infringes on religious freedom, because it will now demand people and
		churches who find it morally objectionable and a sin will now be
		forced to not only condone it but to fund it through taxation which is
		the real objective of this law, along with indoctrination. Just check
		the lawsuits piling up against business owners (liberals favorite
		target) even small ones who chose to deny services to a gay wedding,
		florists, cake decorators, photographers, even churches, many are
		being sued on court now because of this and will be forced out of
		business. So tell me who is being hurt?
		[Posted by necromancer at 2013-07-20T15:40:10+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Except there is no such thing as a "separation of church and state,"
	so your entire argument is moot. If there were this "separation," then
	the federal government wouldn't be allowed to enforce their laws on
	churches, like telling churches they're not allowed to talk about
	politics. And yet the federal government DOES punish churches from
	talking about politics. Of course, the moment something religious
	enters into public territory, the federal government wastes no time in
	condemning it like the hypocrites that they are. My point, though, is
	that "separation of church and state" is nowhere in any of our
	founding documents. Nowhere. It is a myth. When the Constitution was
	ratified, many states had their own established religions and NONE of
	the Founders had any problem with this. They approved of established
	state religions! The First Amendment merely says that CONGRESS cannot
	establish any religion. Congress deals with federal laws, not state
	laws. So it is the federal government that cannot establish a
	nationwide religion. States, however, can. The Tenth Amendment says
	that anything NOT talked about elsewhere in the Constitution is up to
	the states. This means gay marriage, for one thing. Meaning that a
	federal BAN on gay marriage is unconstitutional; but so is a federal
	law ALLOWING gay marriage. Gay marriage is not in the Constitution, so
	it is up to each individual state to decide. I do find it interesting,
	though, that you're a Christian and yet you support something that the
	founder of your religion did not support. Jesus'd be proud.
	[Posted by LeftyBegone at 2011-04-19T19:49:43+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		But what you are missing in my opinion, is that even if the
		constitution does not have a specific reference to separation of
		church and state, does that really make it OKAY to completely ignore
		that idea? If we just blindly followed everything the Constitution
		says, wouldn't we still have prohibition of alcohol, and wouldn't it
		be up to the states whether or not women and minorities not have the
		right to vote? Those were all changed in amendments. And I personally
		would support an amendment SPECIFYING a separation of church and
		state. What you talk about, people enforcing that churches do not talk
		about politics, I have never heard that before, but if it's true, the
		solution is not to say that because they can do that, you can ban gay
		marriage, the solution is to day that you should not be able to ban
		gay marriage and they can not enforce churches to not talk about
		politics. You're moving in the complete wrong direction, not in the
		right one. Without a separation of church and state, you get a
		government that influences its people or even forces its people to do
		things against their own religion. I think you deeply do not
		understand the phrase "separation of church and state". It does not
		mean that one can not make references to politics or the state in
		church as you seem to imply, or even that one can not make references
		to the church in public funded buildings. What it means is that
		publicly funded things like schools, and any kind of government
		facility including courthouses, can not express support for, or
		utilize public prayers, or anything similar regarding religion, and
		yes that includes Atheism. A separation is not state-sponsored
		Atheism, as they are also not allowed to show support for a disbelief
		in God. A separation of church and state simply means that they can
		not coerce the people or force them into any kind of religion. I think
		that your desire to ban gay marriage is what's really wrong and
		unconstitutional here. If a gay Christian wants to marry his partner,
		is it not a violation of the free exercise clause of the constitution
		to not allow him to do so, that is, if you really believe marriage is
		a religious institution? My main point as a Libertarian, is that
		marriage is simply voluntary human relations. As long as it's
		voluntary, you have no right to step in on people's personal lives and
		tell them how to live their own life.
		[Posted by Bunglenomics at 2011-05-10T20:53:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Do you also support polygamy among consenting adults only? If not,
	you are allowing your church to interfere with the state.
	[Posted by EricM at 2011-06-30T17:13:57+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Amen to that. I agree .
	[Posted by Sitara at 2012-02-16T11:57:39+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	ur catholic or what? A christian that dosent see a problem with Gay
	marriage is not christian. As homosexuality is against the bible's
	principles. I agreed with you until you started talking about how it
	hurts no one but stripping away rights. I agree with you hlf way..But
	the Bible says sin is detrimental to most evryone while sexual sins
	are sins against ones own body. do you believe in Sin? or are you one
	of those watered-down christians? I agree in speration of church and
	state, And that ppl should be able to make their own choices.. But
	seriously....
	[Posted by anotherguy34 at 2012-04-04T14:09:34+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		You can be a Christian and still believe in gay marriage. Would
		Jesus, who would open his arms to everyone, even lepers, shun gays?
		No.
		[Posted by darthtimon at 2012-07-18T10:17:16+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			The Bible considers homosexuality to be morally incorrect, and thus a
			sin. Leviticus 20:13: If a man lies with a man as one lies with a
			woman, both of them have done what is detestable. They must be put to
			death; their blood will be on their own heads. Romans 1:27: Men
			committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the
			due penalty for their perversion. 1 Corinthians 6:9: Do you not know
			that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be
			deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers
			nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders
			[Posted by Cynical at 2012-07-18T10:27:11+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			Amen. Thank you for clarifying what i was trying to for many years.
			[Posted by n0kk0 at 2015-06-01T20:34:32+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Um.... Jesus wouldn't shun gays. But you forget this. ''Go and sin no
			more.'' He did not tell the adulterer.. ''its ok. You werent stoned
			because you didnt deserve it!'' He said'' He who has not sinned throw
			the first stone.'' and AFTER this he said GO and sin NO MORE. You are
			clearly a twister of ideologies.
			[Posted by anotherguy34 at 2013-04-01T18:55:08+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				Why is being gay a sin? Furthermore, why should one religious
				perspective be allowed to dominate over the combined perspectives of
				anyone who does not follow that religion?
				[Posted by darthtimon at 2013-05-06T01:55:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				I am catholic and have been raised in a catholic church for many
				years and my church doesn't support gay rights. I do this thing called
				questioning my faith because i am using common sense. I believe that
				people have a right to marry who they love. Why is this even a debate?
				Why do people have a problem with others loving one another when it
				doesn't affect them in any way? I depend more on what my heart
				believes then what PEOPLE on EARTH say because the words could be
				changed. Jesus might have said something completely different than
				what the bible says. We never know. Sorry if that makes me a bad
				catholic but that's what i believe.
				[Posted by n0kk0 at 2015-06-01T20:45:35+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Straight people love to pull morality and self righteous dogma from
their religions and throw them into this argument but it just doesn't
fly anymore. Gay marriage hurts no one in any way whatsoever. From all
the studies they've done through the years plus the definitive
information that was culled from the brains of dead AIDS patients, it
is a fact that there is a center of the brain that is much different
than that of the heterosexual, that it can no longer be denied. We're
different than you are.
[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-16T20:58:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I agree with what you said above, but I am curious, and don't have
	time to do a literature search (because I am currently doing one of my
	own for my real job =), do you have the reference to the brain
	argument? Is it a physiological difference or a genetic difference
	between hetero- and homosexuals? Is this the case for all of them? At
	what age does this "kick in"? I am just trying to learn, it is some
	thing that I have been interested in, I am not trying to be
	disrespectful or pick on details. =)
	[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-17T13:07:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I'll search for the links to the findings and get back to you. This
		began several years ago when they began doing full autopsies on
		HIV/AIDS patients that had succumbed to the disease via cancer,
		pneumonia and a host of other diseases. It was the first time anyone
		in the medical field was alerted to that phenomenon. It's both a shame
		and a blessing that they were able to recognize this for the first
		time. In the very beginning it was only on men since they were dying
		in astounding numbers. I'll find as many links as I can and get them
		to you Kirstie.
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-17T16:41:47+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Thanks! You don't have to go too crazy and take up too much of your
			time, it is just that I was really curious as to what science has been
			done on this topic.
			[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-17T18:40:53+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		That's good...but I find I don't have the time or inclination to look
		it all up for you as I said I would. If you don't believe it then look
		it up and refute those of us who know it to be true.
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T17:09:47+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Then if you're different pick a different word. Traditionally
	marriage has meant a union between a man and a woman. To use the same
	word for same sex partners dilutes the word and makes it less
	descriptive. It also pisses of the religious right and makes for great
	CD fodder ;) You claim to be different but you want to seen as the
	same. That doesn't make any sense to me. Let us see you as different
	and accept you for what you are. There's no need to put a requirement
	forcing us to see you as the same. BTW, claiming that gays are
	genetetically different and supporting genetic engeneering means that
	someday some one will want to eradicate the gay gene. It's a two edge
	sword that cuts both ways. You have to love it ;) Remember, vote
	twice, vote often ;)
	[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-17T07:08:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		That is exactly the caliber of response I would expect from a
		homophobic person. Pick a different word? Different from what?
		Marriage? I don't care if tradition has heretofore dictated a union
		between a man and a woman because, guess what? Tradition is on the
		verge of being expanded to incorporate homosexuals as well and it's
		high time. We are different from the majority of people that live on
		this earth insofar as we are only attracted to our own sex but we are
		also the same in many ways if not every other way. In another post I
		told you that we have already shown you how we are different and you
		couldn't or wouldn't accept that. I'm not forcing you or the world to
		do anything Joe. When the final votes are in and tallied and we win,
		bit by bit and mile by mile...you and the rest will see you had
		nothing to fear, nothing to object to and nothing to lose. You and
		millions of others will see how alike we really are.
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-17T20:29:49+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Yeah, bite me ;)
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T00:01:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				No thanks...That would be like biting a sesame seed. I like to be
				able to see what I bite and it also has to be clean.
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T01:21:33+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					OK, whatever. Don't bite me ;)
					[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T07:11:33+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		That is such a bogus argument Joe. "You claim to be different but
		want to be seen as the same." My God man, take a black man and a white
		woman, they're not the same but they can now marry (since 1967!).
		You've seen us as different for eons and that hasn't allowed people to
		accept us! For all intents and purposes we are very much the same
		insofar as we all want the same things in life. From you, we can't get
		that without the fight of a lifetime ensuing. I, for one, couldn't
		care less if genetic engineering can one day change a gay gene!
		There'll be less pain in the world if that happened BUT, does anyone
		have the right to do that? Go work on the autism gene or the Downs
		syndrome gene or the idiot savant gene...then you will have
		accomplished something!
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-17T17:02:37+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I do not understand the rationale behind someone wanting a title that
			comes from a religion that doesn't agree with your behavior. I'm not
			stating my opinion. Marriage comes from the bible. No two ways around
			that. Yes I know people were together before the bible but the
			marriage and the ceremonies come from the bible. Why is the life
			partner or any other legal term that allows a homosexual couple to
			have all the same rights as a heterosexual couple not enough. If you
			are wondering my opinion yes I believe homosexuality is wrong but I
			believe alot of things are wrong and people don't have to have a
			stigma for doing those things. I just don't get the argument.??
			[Posted by dcovan at 2008-11-18T16:01:31+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				I don't know if you've noticed but over the last years most churches
				have been more and more tolerant of gay people and accept them as any
				other member...just like regular people. Even the civil ceremony calls
				it a marriage. Pay no attention to what the conversation is between
				Joe &amp; myself. Most of it doesn't apply...it's a personal thing
				between us now.
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T16:57:06+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Yeah, yeah, yeah, blah, blah, blah ;)
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T00:03:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				hahahahahahahahahaha I laughed so hard when I read that just now.
				[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-20T11:50:42+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Sorry Joe, I didn't answer you in good time. Yes, the words are there
		Joe. I am a homosexual woman and you are a heterosexual man. Those
		words have always existed but it's the straight community who makes us
		much more different than we really are as people. I've have always
		shown myself as I really am and I must say that I haven't had too much
		of a problem with people across the board. You see me Joe...you see me
		as I really am, for every word I have written and spoken to you is me.
		I am no different off-line.
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2009-04-05T16:37:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I never thought for one moment that you were different in any way
			shape or form. I have had, and have to this day, gay friends that I
			never thought were any different. And since I have friends on both
			sides of the fence, I feel more like someone in the middle of a battle
			field. I hear both sides and figured I may be able to get one group to
			bypass the other. However, my solution falls short in that, although
			it gets homosexuals the rights they're after, it doesn't buy them
			acceptance. For example, it doesn't get them religious wedding
			ceremonies from some religions. BTW, a little more about my personal
			life, if you're interested. When I was a child I loved to play with
			toy soldiers. I would spend hours setting them up. Once I asked my
			sister to play and she immediately started a battle. I said, "What are
			you doing?" She said, "Well...., they're soldiers. They are doing what
			soldiers do." I said, "No! they're supposed to make treaties!" She
			said, "That's boring!" and left. Later that night my grandmother said
			that it was time to go to bed and that I had to clear the soldiers off
			the bed. So I had a small skirmish so that I could go to bed and not
			have to put away those soldiers that were under the bed. In the
			morning I continued playing but I don't remember if the survivors had
			a funeral for those who died the night before or if they managed to
			resurrect them somehow. I guess that little boy that was always
			wanting to make peace is still alive and well in me. ;)
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-04-06T03:21:42+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				I'm glad that sentiment is alive and well within you Joe. And yes, I
				care, more than you know. Thank-you for sharing that with us.
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2009-04-06T18:10:45+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		gay people shouldnt have to choose a different word. marriage refers
		to the union of two souls yes, generally from different genders, but
		if not, so what. a word is a word. this isnt semantics. people need to
		stop saying "no, bc 'marriage' means a man and a woman" when we say
		should gays be allowed to get "married" we mean, "should they have the
		right to be allowed official union"
		[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T09:02:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt - does affect]

			In a perfect world what you propose should work but unfortunately it
			is not a perfect a world and so we have two options. 1. Continue
			fighting over whether or not they can or cannot use the word. This can
			last indefinitely like the abortion issue. 2. Pick another word, grab
			the benefits/rights, stop the fighting and move on with all of our
			lives. I'm 100% for option 2. I want to move on with my life ;)
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-05-29T12:59:15+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I agree with just about everything you just said. Thank you!
		[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-17T11:50:31+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Ok, after reading the uhh, dare I say, controversial opinions ;) I am
scared to post my own! Well, sorry, I am going to anyway! =P I am not
gay. I read Kukla's argument putting down the moral and religous
reasons behind people who are against gay rights. Therefore, I will
say only this. The Bible says a man shall not sleep with another man,
and a woman with a woman. So, personally I don't agree with those who
are gay individuals. However, I am not one to tell you how to live
your life. I do believe that some people are born with an attraction
to the same sex. I won't deny that. Now, I have heard in some cases
where an individual who was born with more of the opposite sex's
hormones is attracted to the oppisite sex. However, they chose to live
life as a straight person because they believed that's what God wanted
them to do. Does it hurt anyone? Hard to say. Me, personally? No,just
because I disagree doesn't mean I have to be effected with someone
else's decision. So, that's my opinion. Go ahead. Chop me to pieces. I
can take it! ;)
[Posted by repubgal at 2008-11-18T18:37:01+00:00 - Side: im scared now]

	Why would anyone chop you to pieces for putting up a well written
	rebuttal? Is it me you fear? I've heard of people trying to repress
	their desire to be with their own sex but I don't know how they could
	possibly know about their hormones! Many Catholics have tried to do
	what the church says is right to do...some have failed and some have
	not, on some level. Look at it this way for a moment. You're
	straight...you were born that way. 90% of the rest of the world is gay
	because they were born that way. Could I or anyone convince you, or
	would you be happy if someone were to try and change you into being
	gay? I don't think that would be possible, do you? It's also
	interesting to me that the churches have softened their views of this
	too. Not the Catholic church but others. Some even ordain gay people
	into the priesthood or the ministry. That tells me something has
	changed through the years. Could it be the medical findings of all
	those poor dead people who succumbed to AIDS that changed their minds?
	It certainly would mine or at the very least, re-think it. If people
	are born this way, how can they help what they were born to be?
	[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T19:29:54+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		No, I do not fear you. If I had made a more controversial argument,
		possibly, but I was trying to make the point that this was most
		certainly a heated debate. If I am not mistaken, there is a hormone
		balance test. With this test you can measure the amount of hormones
		your body contains. I know what research says, but I believe that gay
		is a relative term. However, if you take a look at many of my past
		debates you can see I find a ton of things relative ;)... Now, what I
		mean is...Let's say Joey is gay (random name, I promise) Joey was born
		with a unbalanced of hormones, and he chooses to live the way his
		hormones balanced him to be. Now, let's say Mark is also gay. (random,
		really) Mark was born with unbalanced hormones. However, Mark is a
		Christian, and believes God does not want him to live his life as a
		gay man. Therefore, Mark decides to suppress his gay feelings. By
		doing this Mark chooses the Lord over his sexuality. It does happen,
		rarely. Now, I might come across as a raging Christian here, but that
		is not my intention. While I am a Christian, I don't run around
		yelling at people who choose to live a different lifestyle. Like I
		said, that is not my place. I also find it interesting how churches
		have accepted the gay community. My philosophy is we are in urbanized
		America. When I say that I mean that we have churches that don't use
		old-time principles any more. Whether that is wrong or right is all in
		the eye of the beholder.
		[Posted by repubgal at 2008-11-18T20:30:26+00:00 - Side: relative again]

		What evidence do you have to discredit people who have claimed to
		have become straight? There is a famous singing who publicly claimed
		that he was gay and is now straight, is he lying? Where is your
		evidence? It appears that you have a confirmation bias. I understand
		what you are attempting to say but, a world with a population of 90%
		gay cannot exist indefinitely (Sex for pleasure and not procreation,
		even a 90% heterosexual society would be in danger of becoming
		extinct).
		[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-03-14T22:36:41+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	wow, repubgal, that sounded almost human ;) I think that you hit the
	nail right on the head when you said homosexuality doesn't affect you
	personally. If more religious people took this approach then we would
	live in a world that had a lot less hate. I think Mark Twain put it
	best: So much blood has been shed by the Church because of an omission
	from the Gospel: "Ye shall be indifferent as to what your neighbor's
	religion is." Not merely tolerant of it, but indifferent to it.
	Divinity is claimed for many religions; but no religion is great
	enough or divine enough to add that new law to its code. - Mark Twain,
	a Biography
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-18T18:42:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Well, great. I had never heard Mark Twain's quote. Put simply, that
		is exactly what America should aim for. We call ourselves the country
		of equal opportunity, and slowly we are becoming just that. To each
		his own.
		[Posted by repubgal at 2008-11-18T18:50:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Don't be scared of posting your opinion (I don't think you really are
	anyway.) I'm probably one of the biggest a-holes on this site, so take
	it from me nothing is personal. That said, if you want to take the
	Bible literally, it says sleep not fuck . So fine then, I'm nit-
	picking. But the Bible also says this about sex, "It's better to spill
	your seed on the belly of a prostitute, than to let one drop fall to
	the ground." So then, in one sentence the Bible says that both
	prostitution and "safe sex" (the pull-out method) are better than
	jacking off. So where is all the moral indignation at the practice of
	jacking off? Sure they say not to do it. But what religion has donated
	money to movements in order to end the practice? And if it is better
	to have sex with a prostitute for strictly recreational reasons (not
	baby-making) where then on the moral hierarchy would homosexuality
	fall? Is it more or less evil than masturbation? The point is that, if
	you choose to believe there's a big, all powerful daddy in the sky,
	and he's so bored he watches everything we do in our comparitively
	miniscule lives, yet so communications impaired that he'll only talk
	to us through a book written hundreds of years ago, you have to
	believe he meant it when he said, "he who has not sinned throw the
	first stone" and "judge and you will be judged." Make no mistake, this
	denial of gays to participate in basic rights is "throwing stones" and
	it is "judging." Fine, the Bible says what it says of marriage. One
	can choose to follow what it says. But one at least who truely
	believes it is the word of god cannot deny another their choice of
	whether they will follow what it says or not. "So, personally I don't
	agree with those who are gay individuals." Sure, you agree with a lot
	of gay individuals on a lot of things. What that sentence really says
	is that you think either they should not exist, which they obviously
	do, or that they should just pretend not to be gay. You cannot
	"disagree" with a state of being. You may not like them, you may not
	believe in them, but it is impossible to say you "disagree" with
	something that you yourself claim in another sentence is real. You're
	being very melevolent in your paragraph, so I'm not "chopping you to
	pieces." If you think about it though, there is an underlying and
	glaring hypocricy in your arguement. In one point you site the Bible
	as a reason for being against something, even though you admit it does
	not hurt you. And by using the Bible as your reasoning for being
	against something, you are disobeying the Bible - judge not and all
	that. So, you have some very defined opinions. Perhaps if you stopped
	hiding behind the Bible, and use your own intellect instead, they
	would hold up better in a debate.
	[Posted by iamdavidh at 2008-11-20T20:30:05+00:00 - Side: bible]

Who's likely to be a better parent, statistically? Those who HAVE to
adopt? Or those who can become pregnant by accident, and be forced to
marry and raise a child they resent with a person they barely know?
[Posted by HGrey87 at 2008-11-19T10:50:19+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I don't have the stats on that but logically I should think it would
	lean toward the adoption...although in my own case I've heard the
	horror stories of my daughter growing up as an adoptee...it wasn't
	pretty.
	[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-19T15:44:56+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	"those who can become pregnant by accident" Statistically, it's the
	people who aren't adopting because the people who can accidentally
	have children don't always accidently have children, and those who do,
	aren't always bad parents. Also, even though the adopters may be great
	parents, it doesn't make things any better if the kid doesn't accept
	their false parents... Most people aren't gay, so the kid may feel
	even more alienated than if s/he were brought up with straight
	guardians.
	[Posted by Bradf0rd at 2008-11-20T18:34:03+00:00 - Side: relative again]

		What do you mean by statistically? Are you saying there's statistical
		evidence? Did you misconstrue my argument? I said if you're able to
		get pregnant by accident, you're more likely to raise a child you do
		not want. If you adopt, you're more likely to actually want the child.
		How many adopted children do you know who resented being adopted? For
		me, zero. I think your whole argument is on very shaky ground.
		[Posted by HGrey87 at 2008-11-21T10:12:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Sweetie, I wasn't opposing you...it was Bradf0rd.
			[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-23T17:57:06+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I actually know of a few, who maybe don't "resent" being adopted, but
			wished they had their actual parents, and blame a lot of their
			psychological problems on the fact that they weren't raised by their
			parents. Only in THIS time, does this scenario hold so much value.
			When someone is born by an accident, and then is not wanted, and is
			raised poorly because of the fact. Why are adoption programs
			established in the first place? Because there are more people having
			sex that don't want children, there are more people without the means
			to have children, but want children, and there are more people out
			there suffering from bad parenting. This hasn't always been the case,
			see what I've said to Kukla. The chances of "accidentally" having
			children, and the chances of not being able to care for the child,
			have to be higher now than any other time in history, partly due to
			the fact that there are just more people in general out there at this
			moment than any other specific time in history. If the failure rate is
			higher now than ever, and the number of gays raising children are
			higher than ever too, logically, the percent of failure has to effect
			the lower number, the gay adopters, more than the people having the
			children by accident. Also, something to conceder is, why are they
			failing? If it's because of the income, look at the percent of failure
			with a mother and father in the same income bracket than the
			adopter's, you will find that there is a wide gap. Most accidental
			births, I'm sure, are well taken care of despite the fact that they
			weren't planned, more often in a higher income bracket than a lower.
			The people with a low income will fail, whereas the people in the
			higher one, even though it's accidental, will be taken care of just as
			well as ones raised by adopters, because they are given money, and
			already have the money to do so. In all of time, there have been more
			straight couples with money and children than gay couples with money
			and children... think about it. Statistically speaking, the straight
			people may have failed more people over the coarse of history, but
			that doesn't mean that they haven't also raised more children
			successfully too.
			[Posted by Bradf0rd at 2008-11-29T17:15:30+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		Unless I am misunderstanding you, how can an infant feel alienated if
		he/he is brought up by straight people? The child has no idea that one
		of the parents are gay! In 1967, all adoptions and all information was
		sealed...forever!Even if it weren't there is nothing to say the mother
		was telling the truth about herself or the father of the child! No one
		checked these things. And where, may I ask, you're getting your
		statistics from?
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-21T23:10:50+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			When I said statistically I wasn't insisting there were statistics.
			There is statistical data in whatever you're looking into wether it
			already exists as a "statistic" or not. Just, logically, look at what
			I'm saying and you shouldn't need a pretty colored chart with numbers
			all over it. I'm basically saying for every 999,999,999 children born
			in all of time, into a mother/father environment, how many have
			really, honestly , failed because they were "accidently" conceived of.
			less than .05%-.005%, and I would bet money on it. Even at that rate,
			that's anywhere from 500,000 to 50,000 people effected because of
			accidental birth, raised in a mother father environment, out of
			999,999,999. How many raised by same sex? Because it hasn't happened
			in nature, because it can't happen naturally, that number is
			significantly higher. You have 99999 people raised by gays or same
			sex, and you have 99 fail, that's still .09%. Even though 49,999
			people is more than 99, statistically speaking, more fail raised by
			same sex seeing as the the fail rate by the accidental is .005%, and
			the same sex is .09%. None of these numbers are taken from anywhere,
			but they should be adequate enough to demonstrate my point.
			[Posted by Bradf0rd at 2008-11-29T17:00:08+00:00 - Side: relative again]

Truly I do not see how it can hurt anyone at all. Studies are showing
that some people are born gay and if you want to marry your lover who
is anyone else to say that they should not be wed? Is seeing 2 guys or
gals with rings on their fingers really that obscene? What is the
difference between seeing a married gay couple and a gay couple? Is
there really that huge of a difference? I do not believe so.
[Posted by DaWolfman at 2009-02-02T22:29:22+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

As quoted, they have every right to believe what they want to believe
and behave the way they do. I think that every single one of us should
have the right to be with the person they want to be with; be it a man
or a woman.
[Posted by rafael at 2009-03-27T04:31:57+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I don't see any person hurting just because of gay marriage, unless
somebody is in love in one of them. I think that we should give them
this complete right to be married and settled life as they wan it.
Most of them has really proven their worth and I think that we should
give them their much needed freedom to be happy.
[Posted by rafael at 2009-03-31T10:25:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I don't believe gay marriage hurts anyone. The only people truly
making it such a mad case is religious people. Sure, marriage is
somewhat an act out of religion, but like others said, what is it if
someone unreligious gets married? If people are going to make a big
deal out of two people of the same sex getting married, then people of
different religions, people of no religion, even people guilty of
adultery shouldn't be allowed to marry either. Being against gay
marriage really comes down to what people that follow the bible say
the bible says. Which makes gay marriage against the bible, right? But
then again, every single person on this planet is doing lots of stuff
against the bible. So, really, what gives these religious people the
right to say someone can't do something they disapprove of? Otherwise,
I'd like to meet a non-religious person, or even a person acquainted
with gay's, who is against gay marriage. (Just because it proves my
case otherwise that it's all about religious bitching and it has not
one thing to do with them personally). So, really, gay marriage is
hurting those that let it hurt them for no rightful reason.
[Posted by Nichole at 2009-04-27T22:07:45+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Haven't you heard? The instant that two people of the same sex are
married, a cloud of noxious gas descends over the area around them in
a six-mile radius. Of course gay marriage doesn't hurt anyone! It
doesn't hurt anyone's religious beliefs, as I'm sure the religious
right will cling to their religion with a determination that can only
be produced by fear. It doesn't hurt anyone morally, as marriage is
something that happens out of love. And, obviously, it doesn't hurt
anyone physically. So what's the problem?
[Posted by believeyoume at 2009-05-12T08:45:45+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It can't and it doesn't. ---------------------------------------
--------------------------------------- ----------------
[Posted by AnonymousTwo at 2011-04-29T13:04:06+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

What I love is we have 4 people saying it hurts them but all 4 don't
have the guts to say how. Come on. If it hurts you personally.. HOW?
Have some testicular fortitude and explain your pain.
[Posted by Inkeddreams at 2008-11-16T22:56:46+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I hope you are not lumping in with those 4. I'm not hurt by it
	personally. I'm an outsider looking in and providing input as to what
	it looks like from where I'm standing and suggesting a way forward.
	Bypass the religious right, forget the word "marriage" and focus on
	obtaining your rights through civil unions. Gays should embrace their
	difference and chose to create a word that elevates gay unions above
	the divorce wrought hetero marriages. The religious right thinks the
	word belongs to them. They're going to fight for it. Proposition 8 is
	indicative of how hard they are willing to fight. They are willing to
	go to the mat. They are not going to roll over. This battle is going
	to slow the gay community as they attempt to gain their rights. They
	need a fast track to their rights. Go around the religious right.
	Forget the word, get your rights now! Focus on what is truly important
	like being by your partner in his/her time of need if (God forbid)
	they are ever in the hospital. You should have that right now. You
	shouldn't have to wait while you argue over a silly word.
	[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-17T07:27:02+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Hasn't it become obvious to you as yet that one "silly" word is NOT
		silly at all to gay people? We wish it to mean exactly what the word
		'Marriage' connotes and carries with it. It's a real simple thing but
		straight people think they are more than we are and that's why they
		want a copyright on the word.
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-17T16:48:18+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			You are making an assumption and then you act on your assumption by
			making an accusation. Assumption: straight people think they are more
			than we are Accusation: that's why they want a copyright on the word.
			My philosophy is to try and verify my assumptions before acting on
			them. That usually goes a long way towards saving face later on if the
			assumption proves to be wrong. Your argument is also based on emotion
			and it thus tries to manipulate the reader's feelings. This is done by
			calling one group bad; the straight people. You do do this by saying
			that "straight people think they are more than we are." You then call
			the other group good; the gay people. You do this by saying "We wish
			it to mean exactly what the word 'Marriage' connotes and carries with
			it." I prefer arguments that are based on data and let the reader
			decide. There is no way to prove that gays wish marriage to mean
			exactly what it connotes and carries with it. There is also no way to
			prove that straight people think they are more than gays. Nor is there
			a way to prove that that's why they want a copyright on the word.
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-03-27T06:02:16+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Now, my view on the topic itself. I have three points: Point one: I
			am a purist and I want the word 'marriage' to mean exactly what those
			who invented the word years ago defined it to be, "A civil union
			between a man and a woman." I don't want to change the meaning of the
			word to "The loving union between two individuals." Point two: Just
			because someone wants something doesn't mean that they are entitled to
			it. So, no matter how noble gays may be, no matter how important the
			word is to them, they are not entitled to it. Point three: Gays
			started this "war" by trying to take something they feel strongly
			about but are not necessarily entitled to. Straights responded like
			anyone who has had someone try to take something away that doesn't
			necessarily belonged to them. Gays want to force straights to share
			the word. But trying to force someone into doing something they don't
			want usually results in them resisting with equal or greater force. I
			thus propose that gays create a new word and stop this "war."
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-03-27T06:03:01+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				"Point one: I am a purist and I want the word 'marriage' to mean
				exactly what those who invented the word years ago defined it to be,
				"A civil union between a man and a woman." I don't want to change the
				meaning of the word to "The loving union between two individuals." If
				a Civil Union was what they defined Marriage to be then what? You now
				have both of the words and/or statements by which the union is known.
				Does this mean we can have neither? If, as you state, we are not
				entitled to it then what shall people who wish to be married and enjoy
				a Civil Union be called? And why should it have to change? All any gay
				couple wishes to have are the things that are already defined by these
				words. If you change it, then you must define it. Then the ball starts
				to roll again in the direction of not being equal to Heterosexual
				people...but we are in all ways but one. I, for one, am not in a war
				of any kind. I use logic and yes, I do use emotion along with logic in
				order to get some points across. Of course I can agree on the larger
				picture of people wanting something they are not entitled to but who
				decides we are not in this case? Straight people! Is this in any way
				just? I don't think it is and I wouldn't think so if the tables were
				turned.
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2009-03-27T22:27:37+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				"Gays started this "war" by trying to take something they feel
				strongly about but are not necessarily entitled to." That's the point.
				They are entitled to it which is why attempted bans of gay marriage
				will always fail because it flys in the face of equal protection under
				the law as stated in the recent Iowa Supreme Court decision.
				[Posted by januscomplex at 2009-04-04T14:37:11+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					Gays ARE entitled to equal protection under the law. Gays ARE
					entitled to have the same rights as heterosexual married couples. Gays
					ARE NOT entitled to the word "marriage!" If gays feel that they need
					the word in order to be accepted, then they are misguided because you
					can't legislate acceptance. Even if they get to use the word, they
					wont necessarily be accepted by those who believe they shouldn't be
					allowed the same rights as heterosexual married couples. If gays just
					want the same rights as heterosexual married couples, then they should
					just call it something else and stop this "war."
					[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-04-04T23:04:10+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						Do you even have a clue about the history of marriage? Seriously.
						Marriage has meant plenty of things over the millenia. It's not about
						a word, it's about a right. There were those who said blacks couldn't
						marry whites once upon a time. The same rhetoric was used against
						them. Gays are entitled to the word marriage just like anyone else
						because no one owns that word and any connotation that you ascribe to
						that word has a historical context that has changed over time and will
						change more over time. Separate is not equal.
						[Posted by januscomplex at 2009-04-05T02:17:51+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							Historically, marriage has meant a union between a man and a woman.
							If it has ever meant anything other than that, then I would like to
							see that proof. When racists said that a black person could not marry
							a white person, they lost in the courts because the historical
							definition has been "a union between a man and a woman" not "a union
							between a man and a woman of the same race." Racists did not try to
							claim ownership of the word. The racists tried to change the
							definition of the word and lost. As they should have. Now a new group
							wants to change the definition of the word once again and they should
							lose that battle but they should win the battle to get their rights.
							[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-04-05T08:00:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

								Historically marriage is a property arrangement wherein a man takes
								possession of a woman. This has led to forced marriages and polygamy
								being the norm for thousands of years up to this day in many parts of
								the world. What you call marriage is a western idea. Western society
								has changed the definition of marriage a lot to suit their society
								just like any society does. Considering womena's sufferge wasn't that
								long ago as far as history is concerned it's suprising that you think
								marriage has always been a equal union. No, actually it's naive. On
								your point about blacks: They had to be allowed equal protection under
								the law before that could happen. Google: Jim Crow. The racist were
								upholding the traditional norm that blacks were subhuman and shouldn't
								marry whites. You just don't seem to get it. People thought marriage
								didn't include them at the time either. You are looking at the whole
								thing backwards. The word is changed constantly through history and
								those against the change are always on the wrong side of it.
								[Posted by januscomplex at 2009-04-06T01:38:44+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

									I never said anything about marriage traditionally being an equal
									union. I said that it was a union between a man and a woman and that
									part has remained constant. But I like the way you twisted my words in
									order to call me naive. Now you insinuate that heterosexuals consider
									homosexuals as subhumans and thus don't want them to marry. That's an
									assumption. You're assuming to know "the real reason" why some
									heterosexuals don't want to allow homosexuals to use the word
									marriage. Heterosexuals say that the reason they don't want gays to
									marry is because marriage has traditionally been a union between a man
									and a woman. You seem to be calling these heterosexuals liars and
									racists who consider gays to be subhuman. So, to recap, your argument
									is based on discrediting me by calling me naive and appealing to the
									reader's emotions by insinuating that heterosexuals are racists. I
									tend to find these types of arguments as weak. I mean, name calling
									and trying to manipulate people's emotions instead of letting your
									argument stand alone on its merit is weak. I understand your argument
									that the word marriage has changed in definition over time and thus
									there's a precedence for changing it once again. But the changes you
									site are minor and the underlying definition [the foundation, if you
									will] has never changed. It has always been between a man and a woman.
									BTW, you may want to reply here.
									http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/
									What_are_some_of_the_ramification_of_ga y_marriage or not ;)
									[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-04-06T03:49:12+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							As far as your "separate is not equal" statement, it simply does not
							apply to this situation. That statement applied to the situation
							between blacks and whites. One example (for illustrations purposes) is
							schooling. The idea was that blacks would have their own schools and
							whites would have their own school. But since at that time whites were
							more affluent than blacks, their children were able to enjoy a higher
							level of education. In the current situation heterosexual couples are
							not necessarily more affluent than gays. There's no reason to assume
							that a heterosexual union would be better than a homosexual union.
							There's also no reason to assume that by calling a homosexual union a
							"marriage" that they will receive a "higher level" of benefits than if
							they just called it a civil union. Therefore, the statement "separate
							but equal" does not apply.
							[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-04-05T08:22:20+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							I don't know if you've been reading all of my arguments on this topic
							but what I'm proposing is for the government to stop using the word
							"marriage" and replace it with the words "civil union" and have those
							2 words apply to heterosexual and homosexual unions. This would give
							homosexual unions the same rights as heterosexual unions. However, If
							the government were to take this advice, the churches would still be
							able to deny to perform homosexual wedding ceremonies. In this case
							gays don't miss out on any "rights" because a wedding ceremony
							[performed by a representative of a given religion] is not a right. If
							the government were to use the word "marriage" for homosexual unions,
							then would churches be required to perform homosexual wedding
							ceremonies? If so, wouldn't this mean that the government is telling
							the church what it can and cannot do? Is it a good idea for the
							government to get into the "business" of religion? And if the churches
							are forced to perform homosexual weddings, would gay couples
							automatically be accepted by the congregation?
							[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-04-05T08:39:38+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Having said all of that, I know exactly how you feel because I too
			want something that I'm not entitled to and the courts keep on deying
			me. So my arguments to you are like therapy to me because if I can
			create a well thought out argument against gay marriage, then I can
			use a similar argument to justify the court's decision to myself and
			this in turn eases the pain and resentment and anger that is within
			me. So don't think too harshly of me. We're all in this together. We
			all have issues. ;)
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2009-03-27T06:13:52+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				Yes, Joe! We are all in this together and I'm glad you made that
				statement! I don't think harshly of you when you make an honest and
				well thought out rebuttal. I only think that way when you start with
				your other type of debate or arguments! You say you are also fighting
				the courts on something you say you're not entitled to. I don't know
				what that may be but you must keep fighting for a reason. We, too,
				fight for a reason. We fight for equality in all things because we are
				also viable human beings who deserve to be treated as such. ;-)
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2009-03-27T22:35:16+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gayness is as natural as sex and food. Treating people worse because
of them being gay is like treating black or Asian or Indian people
worse than others. Except I've actually seen a black person change his
colour (Michael Jackson), but I've never heard of a real story where a
gay guy became straight (and not asexual or faking it trough whole
life).
[Posted by YummyCookies at 2008-11-17T06:55:43+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Nobody is born gay, although they might become gay because one of
	their parents is gay and they look up to them.
	[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-17T12:14:33+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		That is as far from the truth as one can get! There are no statistics
		that show that your take on this is true.
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-17T16:49:57+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			In fact there is evidence proving that homosexuality is genetic. At
			this point people are just willfully denying this fact because it
			doesn't fit into their world view. If homosexuals are born that way,
			then that means God created homosexuals. This is unacceptable to most
			fundamentalists, so they merely close their eyes, cover their ears and
			scream "LALALALALA" whenever someone points out the fact that they
			have been proven wrong.
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-17T19:58:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				NO! You're making an assumption as to why people are opposed to same
				sex marriage! Show me the data proving that "people are just willfully
				denying this fact because it doesn't fit into their world view." This
				is part of the problem. People are going off half cocked making
				assumption all over the place..... and they are not even constructive
				assumptions. If the other side doesn't agree with you, just malign
				them and call them names. The assumption is that there's one reason
				and only one reason why the religious right is against same sex
				marriage; they're bigots. Come on, you're smarter than that! The world
				is not black and white. There are shades in between. That's me and
				whole lot of other people.
				[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T00:16:51+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					Well Joe, give me one non-religious reason why people are opposed to
					same sex marriage. Just one. I try to be as fair as possible in most
					of my arguments and usually give people the benefit of the doubt. Here
					though, I feel that bigotry or ignorance are the only reasons to
					oppose this issue. People don't choose to be gay, that is a fact. By
					taking away rights from people for reasons beyond their control you
					are discriminating against them. Plain and simple. The only difference
					between this and racism is that this is socially acceptable. Why?
					Because in some obscure passage of the Bible it says homosexuality is
					wrong. It also says it's okay to beat your slave to death as long as
					it takes a while for them to die. I cannot be silent about my beliefs
					any more then those fighting for civil rights in previous generations
					could. There is no legitimate reason for denying happiness to another
					person if you are unaffected by it.
					[Posted by andsoccer16 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						andSoccer16, First of all. I would like to say that you have
						challenged me and bested me and I have acknolwedged it and up voted
						you for it. If you're truly a teen, then you're light years ahead from
						when I was a teen because it has taken me this long to get to this
						stage. It may have been a backwards journey for me but I like to think
						otherwise. Your question was an interesting challenge to say the
						least. I wrestled with it until my wife got home and helped me see the
						light. She helped me see what I've been feeling but unable to put into
						words. Please bear with me, I'm a little drunk. Which is not entirely
						fair because you are not allowed to drink and probably in your prime.
						A non- religious reason why people are opposed to same sex marriage
						(by J.C.) Birds of a feather flock together. I wish I could make my
						argument more...... serious.... more..... adult like. It's just human
						nature. Here read this: http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2008/
						mar/09/genetics.medicalresearch and this:
						http://jme.bmj.com/cgi/content/extract/ 28/5/283 and this:
						http://milehive.com/ index.php?option=com_
						content&amp;task;=view&amp;id;=1176&amp;Itemid;=36 The bottom line:
						Gays want to be accepted into a club that doesn't want them and they
						are getting militant about it. Why is that? Probably because people
						want what they can't have and despise what they do have. Groucho Marx
						once said: "PLEASE ACCEPT MY RESIGNATION. I DON'T WANT TO BELONG TO
						ANY CLUB THAT WILL ACCEPT PEOPLE LIKE ME AS A MEMBER". This is also
						why the "hair" industry makes lots of money. Women with straight hair
						want curly hair and women with curly hair want staight hair. It's just
						human nature. Not bigotry or ignorance, it's just human nature. Now, I
						have to go pee. C-ya ;)
						[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T22:41:20+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							Joe, I appreciate you compliments and I hope you know that I really
							do appreciate a lot of your ideas. As for this argument, you present a
							very unique perspective. Allow me to respond though. Although it is
							true that people often want what they can't have, this does not always
							mean that their demands are unreasonable. Allow me to first use the
							example of the American Revolution. You will often hear people say,
							"we defeated British tyranny over us etc..." What a lot of people
							don't realize is that we had it pretty good under the British. We had
							extremely low taxes, protection from others, and a reliable trading
							partner. Now a lot of stuff happened but the condensed version is, we
							wanted more: "Taxation w/out representation" and the like. So we had
							it pretty good already, but we wanted something more: liberty,
							inalienable rights, representative government. These are the
							foundations of our society today, but had we accepted what was going
							on at the time they may never have come to fruition. Another example
							would be woman's suffrage. The common idea at the time (or at least
							rationalization) was that women would vote the same as their husbands
							so their right to vote was irrelevant. This idea seems archaic to us
							today, but back then it was the accepted norm. Progress eventually won
							out and woman gained the right that is most necessary to a democracy:
							the right to vote. In both of these cases we can see how the status
							quo seems fine to a large number of people because it is what they are
							used to. Others though, see that there is an injustice occurring, and
							step up to fix it. I believe this explains why so many oppose gay
							marriage more than anything else. It is what has always been, why
							change it. I know you are a conservative, so know that I mean no
							offense when I say that conservative viewpoints have stood in the way
							of positive change throughout history. It is not bigotry that kept
							allowed slavery to continue (although that played a role) it is
							inaction and complacency. Now we see the same scenario repeated. A
							group has been denied certain rights and now they are asking for them.
							You used the word militant, and I have to disagree with its
							connotations. African Americans were called militant when they
							demanded civil rights during the 60's, were they just being greedy? Or
							were they standing up and demanding that they be given what was
							promised to them as children: that all men are created equal, no
							different from our founding fathers who stood up during the revolution
							and demanded their rights. No different then now, where a group of
							people want to have their love recognized under the law. They want to
							be part of a nation that allows the pursuit of happiness. I think that
							your right on one count, that is human nature. It is human nature to
							want acceptance, and to want equality, and to want a chance at the
							happiness that everyone else takes for granted. I hope you see why I
							am upset at those people who prevent these people from the happiness
							they seek, and why I call them bigots. There crime is all too common,
							an inability to put yourself in your neighbors shoes. An inability to
							recognize the humanity of others. An inability to empathize with their
							suffering in a society that does not fully accept them.
							[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-18T23:40:49+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

								The specific thing you requested was for me to give you a legitimate
								reason why someone would oppose gay marriage for reasons other than
								religion. I did that. You said that, "I feel that bigotry or ignorance
								are the only reasons to oppose this issue." I thought I gave a perfect
								example where this was not the case. Some people just don't want to be
								around other people. That does not make them a bigot nor does it make
								them ignorant. Not granting gays the word marriage but granting them
								the same rights does not make one a bigot nor does it make one
								ignorant nor does it hurt the gay community. You say that same but
								separate is not good enough as though as soon gays are allowed to
								marry the bigots will suddenly see the errors of their ways. That's
								not going to happen. All the litigation in the world will never force
								a bigot to accept you. He will just look at you in the eye, turn
								around, and roll his eyes. My argument does not call people names.
								Your argument calls anyone opposed to gay marriage a bigot or
								ignorant. The side you're on is considered liberal. The side I'm on is
								seen as conservative. I don't categorize my argument as conservative
								because it takes a middle of the road approach. Take a little (your
								rights) give a little (leave the word behind). This is what I call
								negotiation. The side you're on is not interested in negotiation and
								is seen as militant; it's a "my way or the highway" approach and then
								your side acts surprised when they encounter resistance. The side your
								on wants people to put themselves in their shoes but they are not
								willing to put themselves in the shoes of the other side. The side I'm
								on is seen as being based on religion. I don't categorize my argument
								as being based on religion because my argument does not invoke
								religion. It invokes human nature. My argument is also constructive in
								that it alienates a smaller group on the religious right. It is
								pragmatic and rational in that it gets gays their rights sooner and
								all they are leaving on the table is just a word. People can want all
								they want. I never said it was unreasonable. I just think that it is
								not practical at this point in time as evidence by proposition 8. I
								have said that gays will eventually win. But why does it have to be
								right now and at what cost? Take your time, regroup, do a "lessons
								learned" analysis of what went wrong and why and then try again later.
								People can want all they want but that does not mean that they are
								entitled to it or that they deserve it or that they have a right to
								it. The status quo does not seem right to me. Otherwise I would never
								have suggested to bypass them. I saw an injustice occurring and I
								tried to think of a pragmatic approach towards getting what I consider
								important and leaving behind what I don't consider important in the
								shortest amount of time. That was my contribution. That was my way of
								stepping up to the plate and trying to fix things and I got slammed.
								This explains why others that have tried to help the gay community but
								encountered the negative feed back have stopped supporting gay
								marriage more than anything else. What allowed slavery to continue was
								not inaction and complacency. People were working towards fixing it.
								What allowed slavery to continue for as long as it did is that it
								takes time to change the world. The gay community is not asking for
								certain rights, it is demanding them. The gay community is not
								interested in negotiating and this stance is alienating a lot of
								potential allies. The gay community is taking an in your face approach
								and are surprised when the other side responds in kind. The group that
								followed Martin Luther King were not militant. The Black Panthers
								were. The gays that are peacefully trying to advance their agenda are
								not militant. The ones vandalizing churches are. The gay community
								wants to portray itself as being the new civil rights fighters of our
								generation. The black community finds this highly offensive. What is
								the worst a gay man has had to openly endure in the last 10 years and
								compare that to what a black man had to endure during the 60's.
								There's no comparison. The gay community as the new civil rights
								fighters of our generation is an exaggeration; it is a tactic meant to
								get them what they want, nothing else. No one promised gays the right
								to marriage. They can have their love legally recognized under a
								different name and not suffer because of it. They can be part of a
								nation that allows the pursuit of happiness without the having the
								word marriage. The word marriage will not magically get them to be
								acceptance nor get them a chance at the happiness that everyone else
								takes for granted. They have to find happiness within themselves. No
								one can grant it to them so no one can deny it to them. I hope you see
								why I am upset at those hypocritical gays that say "empathize with our
								suffering in a society that does not fully accept us" and then turn
								around and vandalize churches. Now that is a real crime and it is not
								very accepting of the other side. I don't think they are empathizing
								with the other side, do you? I guess they forgot to put on their
								neighbors shoes. Do you think that when gays call the other side
								hateful and bigot and ignorant that they are able to see the humanity
								of the other side? Does maligning someone help you solve your
								differences or does it hinder? And if it hinders, why do it. What
								value is there in calling someone a bigot? It is a great tactic. The
								Nazis used it with great success to get people to think that it was OK
								to kill Jews because, after all, Jews were vermin. You see?
								[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-19T05:55:21+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

									Okay, let me first make it clear that I never condoned violent action
									as a way to solve the problem. Gandhi and MLK Jr. are some of my
									heroes because they affected change in the most peaceful ways
									possible. What I also liked about them is they both recognized
									injustice and stood up to it without compromise. Gandhi wanted the
									British out of India and did not compromise on this issue. Martin
									Luther King wanted equal rights for African-Americans and did not
									compromise. There is a big difference between not wanting to
									compromise, and being narrow minded. You say "Some people just don't
									want to be around other people." This to me is a type of
									discrimination. If I told you, I am not bigoted, I just don't want to
									be around Mexicans, you would be appalled. Here is the definition of a
									bigot in wikipedia: A bigot is a person who is intolerant of opinions,
									lifestyles, or identities differing from his or her own Looking at
									this definition you can see clearly that not wanting to be around
									people who choose to be homosexual is bigotry. But that is irrelevant
									because no one is forcing people to be around homosexuals . This is
									what I don't understand about your argument. If homosexuals get
									married does that mean suddenly they are going to suddenly show up at
									your door, and when you refuse them say "Hey, you have to let us in,
									we're legally married now." That is ridiculous. Of course legalizing
									gay marriage will not automatically get rid of bigots, I never said
									that and I don't believe it. When slavery was abolished, did it get
									rid of racism? When woman's suffrage was granted, did it get rid of
									sexism? No! But in the long run it helped a lot . Can you imagine
									anyone believing either of these issues as having two reasonable sides
									today? The bigots will not change their mind, but their children will
									be raised in a society that is more accepting, and hopefully this will
									have a large affect for future generations. Being intolerant of
									bigotry cannot be called bigotry. I agree that maybe gay marriage will
									not come to fruition in the immediate future, but that does not mean
									that people should stop fighting for what they believe in. Martain
									Luther King demanded equal rights for African-Americans. Feminists
									demanded equal rights for women. Asking nicely, "can we please get
									married, if it isn't to much of a problem for you?" Of course what
									blacks suffered through in the pre-civil rights era was terrible. That
									does not lessen what homosexuals are going through right now. I know
									from seeing it at my school how much homosexuals are mistreated and
									outcast. This is socially acceptable, and it shouldn't be . Progress
									will probably be attained in smaller steps but only if people continue
									to fight for their rights. Obama is the perfect example of this: in
									order to win the presidency he had to support civil unions but not gay
									marriage. Lucky for me, I'm not a politician. I don't have to temper
									my views with the current public will. I can say what I truly believe.
									If a compromise were reached in the federal government that extended
									rights to homosexuals through civil unions I would be in favor of
									that, but after it was passed I would go right back to fighting for
									marriage. Homosexuals even lost the ability to adopt in Arkansas
									because they can't marry or even have civil unions:
									http://outtheotherear.wordpress. com/2008/08/26/ spotlight-arkansas-
									gay-adoption/ I also have a problem with you comparing the Homosexuals
									to the Nazis. First, the Nazis killed homosexuals, because they
									thought they were, to use your word, "vermin." What the homosexuals
									are not doing is killing or hurting others in any way by demanding
									marriage. By denying them marriage, other people are hurting
									homosexuals. So who is more like the Nazi's now? Don't you think its
									justified to loathe your oppressors? This does not mean violence, as I
									said earlier I am against violence. Speaking of Bigotry though, I want
									you to see what homosexuals have to put up with:
									http://www.godhatesfags.com/ Is it unfair for me to call them bigots,
									or am I being narrow minded? Finally I would like to respond to this
									comment you made: I have said that gays will eventually win. But why
									does it have to be right now and at what cost? And I can only respond
									with this quote: "All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is
									that good men do nothing." -Edmund Burke
									[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-19T19:49:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

										So by your definition everyone is a bigot, including yourself,
										because I can probably come up with a group of people that you don't
										want to be around. However, a closer look at the definition of the
										bigot will clearly show that it is possible for a person to not want
										to be around a group of people for reasons other than intolerance of
										opinions, lifestyles, or identities differing from his or her own. For
										example, I do not want to be around people that don't speak my
										language because I would rather be something else rather than trying
										to make myself be understood or trying to understand what they were
										saying. And if we are just supposed to be sitting there saying
										nothing, I would still rather be something else. BTW, I think that it
										is convenient that: "Being intolerant of bigotry cannot be called
										bigotry."
										[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-20T12:32:13+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

										If you lost the ability to adopt in Arkansas because you can't marry
										or even have civil unions there, then move to a gay friendly state.
										But under no circumstance take this advice to mean that you should
										stop fighting for marriage.
										[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-20T12:56:49+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

											Hey Gays! Want to adopt? Leave your job! Leave your friends! Leave
											your house! Leave everything that you are familiar with and are
											accustomed to! It's not our fault. You're the one who wanted to start
											a family. What nerve you had! A family! Your lucky we don't throw you
											in jail.
											[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-20T20:52:35+00:00 - Side: sarcasm-lots of bitter sarcasm]

												I love sarcasm ;) Everyone has their own reality. When I came to this
												country I had a choice. I could keep my language my culture and all of
												that crap or I could assimilate, leave all of that behind and live the
												good life. Guess which I chose? Life is full of choices. There's give
												and take. People that only take...... make me feel uneasy. The gay
												community is uncompromising when it comes to this issue of marriage.
												check this out: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/
												Is_it_better_to_offend_than_allow_ yourself_to_be_placed_in_an_
												uncompromising Maybe we should continue over there since it's getting
												crowded over here.
												[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-20T21:03:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

										Soccer, you're floundering. lets keep it short and sweet. The
										specific thing you requested from me was to give you a legitimate
										reason why someone would oppose gay marriage for reasons other than
										religion. I did that. You still claim that every person that is
										opposed to gay marriage is a bigot (period). if you don't think that
										my reason is legitimate, then say so and we'll debate that. I never
										said that people should stop fighting for their rights. I said that
										they should take the high road, which is a slower, longer road. Take
										the Gandhi road, the Martin Luther king road instead of the low road
										that may get you there faster. Don't take the "If you are against us
										you are " road. The low road is a tactic used to get you there faster.
										If I recall correctly, I did not compare homosexuals to Nazis. I said
										that the tactics being used are the same tactics that the Nazis used.
										This tactic can be used for good. The tactic itself is not evil. The
										gay movement is not the first to use that tactic. I don't like the
										tactic. I think that calling everyone who is opposed to gay marriage a
										bigot is unfair and narrow minded. When I said, "gays will eventually
										win. But why does it have to be right now and at what cost?" What I
										mean is, That the ends do not justify the means. Calling people a
										bigot in order to get your way is uncalled for. I've told you in the
										past when I have up voted you and why. This is the first time I have
										ever down voted someone. But I respect you enough to explain why I'm
										doing it. I'm down voting you for insisting that everyone who is
										opposed to gay marriage is a bigot even after I have given you one
										reason why someone would oppose gay marriage for reasons other than
										religion and you did chose not to respond to that. Your position
										implies to me that the ends justify the means. I think you can do
										better than that. no hard feelings. Peace out ;)
										[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-20T13:04:26+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

											I think I may have deserved the downvote because I did not organize
											my last argument very effectively. Instead of getting into a long draw
											out thing this time, I am going to go back to my original intention.
											What I was referring to as bigotry was ignoring certain facts. In this
											case I was talking about JakeJ, because he repeatedly claimed that
											homosexuality was a choice, and I repeatedly showed him the proof that
											it wasn't. JakeJ, and most other people opposed to gay marriage don't
											use your argument but instead make baseless claims (i.e. kids can be
											turned gay, or gay parents can't raise children). When these things
											have been proven scientifically, continuing to use the same arguments
											is dishonest. I know that, in probably less then 50 years, the people
											who opposed allowing gays their rights will be considered bigots, for
											better or worse, and so I therefore stand by my statements.
											[Posted by andsoccer16 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

												OK, so now you're saying that you follow the crowd instead of making
												up your own mind. Think about this. In any given argument, to use
												absolutes is usually wrong. To say that "everyone who opposes gay
												marriage is a bigot" is wrong. To say that "everyone else says that
												everyone who opposes gay marriage is a bigot so it must be true" is
												wrong. Are you saying that it is physically impossible for someone to
												be against gay marriage for some reason other than being a bigot?
												Think about this. If it were a true statement that anyone who doesn't
												want to be around a specific group is a bigot, then why doesn't the
												definition of the word say that? Could it be that there are plenty of
												other reasons for people not to want to be around a specific group?
												What if you were shy and only wanted to hang around your own kind?
												What if you were deaf and only wanted to hang around deaf people? What
												if people with tinnitus wanted to be called deaf and deaf people were
												opposed, would they be bigots?
												[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-20T19:54:53+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

													I just spent the last five minutes looking through my arguments
													seeing if I could find where I said "everyone who opposes gay marriage
													is a bigot" and guess what? I wasted my time! Don't put things in
													quotes as if I said them when I clearly didn't. If you want to use
													quotes copy and paste, I have written plenty of stuff, I'm sure you
													can find something that will go to prove your point. If I am
													understanding you correctly, here is your argument: People are not
													being bigoted just because they don't want to be around people. Am I
													right so far? Because I agree with this part. Next you say: some
													people who don't want gays to get married only because they don't want
													to be around them. Is this correct? Because I think you might be right
													that this could be some peoples reasons. No one is asking them to hang
													out with homosexuals, or even talk to them so I don't understand their
													rationale, but at least it's an explanation. So so far we agree. Now
													here's where your logic decides to jump off a cliff into a pile of
													razor blades after having swallowed a gallon of vodka and three
													bottles of sleeping pills: People are not being bigoted, or intolerant
													when they allow their discomfort of being around gays to affect their
													decisions as to whether gays should be allowed to get married. Is this
													the basic point your making? If not ignore the rest of the argument
													and clarify your position, but if so keep reading. Denying others
													rights because you don't like their lifestyle is intolerant and
													bigoted . I may not like people with your opinions but I would never
													try to take away your right to voice them. Here is where the
													difference lies. You are allowed to be uncomfortable with how people
													live. I admit, I would be pretty uncomfortable around a man who wore
													nothing but a thong all day, but I wouldn't take away his rights. I
													could decide not to hang out with the thong-man. I might purposefully
													avoid him, but I would not take away his rights or the rights of all
													the thong-men in the entire state. Why? Because I know that if my
													lifestyle was not the popular or accepted one then I would not want
													people trampling on my rights. Your metaphor is an inaccurate one for
													two reasons: A) there is no logic in a groups wanting to change the
													name of their condition; and (this is the important one) B)
													homosexuals aren't forcing anything on people, merely asking for the
													same rights as afforded to others. A change in the name of your
													condition does not afford you more rights. (I considered including a C
													that said your an idiot but I didn't think that would add anything to
													my argument)
													[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-20T20:42:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

														OK, sorry about the misquote, It was not intentional. I liked your
														cliff, razor blade thing. ;) I stopped reading after the 3rd paragraph
														because that is not what I'm saying. I think that we are talking past
														each other. Here's what I'm saying: if a straight person said he
														wanted a kid who shares his same reality and perspective, that
														marriage is only between a man and a woman, then that person would be
														classified a bigot. And it's really a shame because the only thing
														that matters is the rights associated with marriage, not the word
														marriage. If the gay community took their rights and left the word,
														then there would be peace. Check this debate out.
														http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/
														Are_deaf_people_bigots_against_hearing_ people We should probably
														continue over there because this is getting way too crowded.
														[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-20T20:53:50+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		The American Psychological Association says otherwise: "most people
		experience little or no sense of choice about their sexual
		orientation"
		[Posted by jessald at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Most children look up to their parents, but that's because the
		parents are taller ;) Also, I find it hard to believe that someone
		would chose to be gay. I mean, that's a hard life to live.
		[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-17T14:58:31+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		HOW MANY TIMES ARE YOU GOING TO DENY THE FACTS!!! Jake, at this point
		you are being willfully ignorant. I have shown you scientific
		explanations for homosexuality on numerous occasions in numerous
		debates. You have yet to respond to a single one. Is it because you
		know I'm right? Is it because you are in denial? For God's sake (and
		yes I use that phrase ironically) tell me what reasons you have for
		believing that A) "nobody is born gay" and B) they only become gay
		because their parents are gay? Also you are implying being gay is
		wrong...by whose definition and why? Just answer me once Jake.
		Enlighten me with the reasons that you believe surpass science and
		logic. Why do you feel discrimination is okay? Have you ever even met
		a homosexual?
		[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-17T20:04:14+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Jake You have no idea what you are talking about. I know plenty of
		gay people who had no one gay in their lives growing up. In fact all
		of the gay people I know had straight parents and were scared to "come
		out". Try again.
		[Posted by Inkeddreams at 2008-11-17T13:01:57+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Unless you can provide scientific data on this, you are just making
		things up! If you provide a link for a reference that would be helpful
		in your debate which should be based on facts not your opinion!
		[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-17T13:09:32+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I don't know who you're opposing here but if it's inkeddreams you're
			off the mark. Ask anyone what it was like for them to come out to
			their parents and they'll tell you the same thing.
			[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T18:48:48+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				No, I was opposing Jake... there are so many comments, I think that
				things got messed up, or I clicked on the wrong thing to oppose.
				[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-18T18:59:25+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					You have to sort this and many other debates that have extended
					replies by "Show All Replies." on top. The problem with that is if you
					need to resond to someone and do, it reverts back again and you have
					to click on it again to expand the debate!
					[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-18T21:01:56+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Jake said: It hurts families, the more gay marriage the less families
there will be, children need a mother and a father to look up to. Good
job voting that idiotic statement down everyone. I don't think the
source of that idea has been explored enough though. And personally, I
believe in humilating idiotic statements as a form of social
punishment, so here goes. Hopefully you read this Jake. gay marriage =
less families only if you believe that people would choose to be gay
instead of heterosexual. that is, you jake, think that someone who is
otherwise attracted to the opposite sex, would have had kids and
raised them, will now move in with someone of the same sex and not
have kids. ignoring for a moment that this isn't all together bad
since there are too many people. what kind of person would think that
may be the case? I know for myself, being very comfortable in my
heterosexuality, I would not magically turn gay because a law was
passed. do you fear, jake, that you may magically turn gay if a law
were passed? because that is really the only reason for your
statement. if you actually think about what your wrote, I mean, that's
the only possible end conclusion. and if you do stand behind that
statement jake, I have to ask myself, what kind of person would have
such a ridiculous fear. and I can only think of one kind jake. a
closet gay person. so if you want to come out, which I'm assuming from
your statement deep down you do, then this is the place for it. There
seems to be a lot of open people here, and at least one very popular
openly gay member. it's okay jake, be brave. and if you do choose to
not come out, that's okay, I understand it's a cold hard world out
there for a gay person. but know this at least. whatever you do,
whatever you say, no matter how much you deny it, I at least will
always know that, you jake, are gay. and I accept that.
[Posted by iamdavidh at 2008-11-20T19:43:07+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	No, I'm not gay. I am assuming that was supposed to be an insult, yet
	you have been defending it. Its like you are saying "protect the gays
	give them rights," then you you turn around and say "hey i don't like
	you, i will humiliate you by saying that your gay" -you just
	contradicted yourself!
	[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-21T12:10:25+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		Whatever Jake, it's very easy to lie and be a bigot and a fundie,
		especially over internet. Approximately 80% of homophobes are gay and
		I'm SURE the rest have their issues too, mostly connected with
		sexuality. If you think that a person would turn gay if he was allowed
		to, than you must be thinking of a person who is attracted to men, you
		are referring to a GAY person and a GAY person turning GAY ISN'T VERY
		DRAMATIC, NOW IS IT?! An intelligent straight person would never like
		it to not allow gays to marry and adopt children. If gays can marry
		and adopt that means that baby making isn't a very big deal since the
		gays are going to raise them. (If you are a religions fundie, that
		means you can be more logically for pro-life if you are pro-gay-
		marriage) Plus, if there are so many women left alone, or rather
		lonely, than you can have a lot of sex. Oh, and by the way, straight
		men like sex with women (right guys? :)), so they couldn't mind. The
		only people who could POSSIBLY mind gays are gay people who don't want
		to be gay(...and raise kids and miss all the coitus..., but they don't
		like it anyway) and women who fall in love with gays. As some comedian
		woman says: "I'm a fag-hag, but now I think about my wishing in youth
		about being surrounded by handsome men, I should have been more
		specific."
		[Posted by YummyCookies at 2008-11-28T13:19:14+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			No, I'm not gay. "The only people who could POSSIBLY mind gays are
			gay people who don't want to be gay" that is false, what about the
			other 20% you mentioned?
			[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-12-09T12:14:00+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Responses are much more effective when you do more than just ridicule
	the poster. I know a lot of people who decide to be gay, and I know
	even more people who think they are gay because they are musically
	inclined or sensitive and they are told their whole life that they are
	"closet gays." I find it incredibly prejudice to think that everyone
	who doesn't like beer and football or somehow misses the masculine bar
	is gay, and I think that IS one of the big problems with the publicity
	that homosexuality is making. I'm sure a lot of people would disagree
	with me, but I think there is a baseline group of gay people and then
	a huge amount of other people who are gay because of peer pressure,
	insecurity, and/or because it's the popular thing to be right now. I
	know, incoming down votes. Didn't say anyone had to agree, I just
	think it's stupid to tell someone else about their sexuality. And
	please don't respond with "studies prove," because as I've already
	said, they don't.
	[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-11-30T23:25:48+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		I did way more than ridicule. See my post on the other side. And you
		and jake seemed to miss the fact that, I wasn't ridiculing the fact
		that jake is gay. That's fine. I was ridiculing his ridiculous
		response, which proved him to be gay. See what I'm saying? Next, you
		don't know anyone who decided to be gay. You know people who were born
		gay, but who were told by society they weren't gay and gay is bad, so
		were in conflict for a large part of their lives until they realized
		they had been gay the whole time... like Jake :)
		[Posted by iamdavidh at 2008-12-01T13:15:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I don't know anyone who decided to be gay? How do you know. I in
			point of fact know a very nice and happy gay man, who was once engaged
			and has told me to my face that he was a happy straight man, did some
			experimentation, found someone he really liked who was a man and made
			a choice to live a gay lifestyle. He said he was happy either way, but
			thinks this is what makes him happiest. I think society tells way more
			people that they are gay than that they aren't. And after reading more
			of the responses on here it just gets back to this absurd point that
			those of us who are "opposed", and I use this term loosely because to
			tell you the truth, until the prop 8 fiasco in which the gay movement
			has begun trying to steal the right to vote from me I honestly didn't
			give a damn, to gay marriage are hated, disposed, called names,
			attacked, been told "no intelligent straight man would oppose gay
			marriage" as is said on this board, while we on the other side are
			about as polite as can be. The only hatred I've seen has been coming
			from the homosexual community. If you don't believe me, take a look at
			what they've been doing to the Mormons. I honor democracy and I
			despise hatred and bigotry, and it saddens me that this seems to make
			me the enemy of the homosexual community, which wants tolerance only
			for their way of thinking.
			[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-12-01T16:06:13+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				That's ridiculous. That guy who was engaged then "turned gay" was
				already gay. Society told him he wasn't gay, that's why it took so
				long to figure out. Okay, in that example, bi-sexual. But people do
				not "turn" gay because of outside influence, it's something internal,
				in the brain. I think society tells way more people that they are gay
				than that they aren't. Please give me an example where society tells
				anyone to be gay. Do you seriously think life is somehow better or
				easier if you're gay? Do you not think gay people get made fun of,
				discriminated against, and avoided all of the time for being gay? How
				on earth would you justify your opinion that somehow society wants you
				to be gay? the gay movement has begun trying to steal the right to
				vote from me Again, how so? The only right being denied in this case
				is homosexuals Constitutional right to the "pursuit of happiness." Not
				to mention visitation rights in hospitals, or any one of the thousands
				of rights denied gay couples. called names, attacked, been told "no
				intelligent straight man would oppose gay marriage" as is said on this
				board, while we on the other side are about as polite as can be.
				Really? So no gay person has ever been killed for being gay? Yet
				you're sad because someone stated the opinion that "no intelligent
				straight man would oppose gay marriage." Then please, by all means,
				make an intelligent arguemnent for your side. It will be the first.
				The only hatred I've seen has been coming from the homosexual
				community. If you don't believe me, take a look at what they've been
				doing to the Mormons. The mormon and catholic churches, but especially
				the mormon churches, spent millions trying to deny a group of people a
				human right, now some gays are protesting this by not shopping at
				their stores. And you call this "hatred?" Really, you need to think
				about this a little harder, or move on to the next subject.
				[Posted by iamdavidh at 2008-12-01T18:45:42+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					"That guy who was engaged then "turned gay" was already gay. Society
					told him he wasn't gay, that's why it took so long to figure out."
					Lol, see again, I am flabbergasted that it is impossible for you to
					accept that someone might have an opinion different from yours.
					"Please give me an example where society tells anyone to be gay." One
					example of society telling someone they're gay? You! You just did! To
					Joe. If you want another example look at any showing of a gay person
					on a TV show. If you act like x you are gay. "Please give me an
					example where society tells anyone to be gay." The right to vote is
					being stolen in CA. Twice the majority of people voted to define
					marriage clearly and twice the homosexuality community has tried to
					overturn the will of the people by using judges. The pursuit of
					happiness is in the declaration of independence and not the
					Constitution. If this is the justification for the right to marry
					whomever you want, it also justifies everything else you can think of,
					so long as it makes the pursuer happy. There is no constitutional
					right to marry whomever you want. Every citizen is equally protected
					with the right to marry a member of the opposite sex. If you're gay,
					you have the right to marry. So again, what right are you being
					denied? Visitation rights are already granted in the state of CA, as
					are inheritance and all other rights of married couples, es per Gov.
					Davis in 2000. "Really? So no gay person has ever been killed for
					being gay?" African American people have killed white people before.
					Does that make all black people murderers? Of course not. The fact
					that some nut-case has murdered a gay person before does not make
					everyone who believes homosexuality is wrong into a murderer. Are you
					in fear for your life often? If so I am sad, but I sort of doubt it,
					that's just not the way the world is anymore (in this country). Are
					you afraid to express your opinion about this topic? I doubt it. I am.
					If I tell people what I think, I LOSE MY JOB. That's why I post here
					anonymously :) "The Mormon and catholic churches, but especially the
					Mormon churches, spent millions trying to deny a group of people a
					human right" Marrying members of the same sex is not a human right.
					Sorry. Until you can show me what human right is being denied, I don't
					know where else to go with this. As far as the donations go, the
					Mormon church DID NOT DONATE A DIME. Neither did the Catholic church
					(I think, I'm not positive about them). MEMBERS of these churches
					donated to a cause they believed was right. They have the right. I
					have no problem with protests. I have a problem with vandalism,
					violence, riots, assault, disenfranchisement, and attack of religious
					liberty (suing to remove tax exempt status of people who disagree with
					them). I was opposed to it when the homosexuality was attacked and
					mocked and derided; I oppose it now when they do the same thing to
					their enemies.
					[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-12-01T21:27:21+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

						I just have to respond to one of your last statements: "Until you can
						show me what human right is being denied, I don't know where else to
						go with this" The right to life, LIBERTY, and the PURSUIT OF
						HAPPINESS. It's in the Declaration of Independence. The denial of gay
						marriage is violating two basic human rights.
						[Posted by E223 at 2008-12-01T22:46:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						Thanks E223, I'm getting so bored of replying to these. Tallblondguy
						- whether people "turn gay" or are born gay, is not a matter of
						opinion. 1+1=2 is not a matter of opinion. It's a fact. People are
						born gay, straight, or bi. Any change is due to chemical composition
						of the brain. People take forever coming out of the closet (often)
						because gays are discriminated against. The next paragraph where you
						say my response is an example of how society tells people to be gay...
						I think you miss read. It was an ironic diatribe of Jake's senseless
						response to gay marriage. You see, ironic because he though not
						intentional, was giving a bigoted response, so I pointed out how his
						response made it appear he was one of the people himself that he was
						being a bigot against... I know confusing. What's even more confusing
						is that infact the response would not have even worked had it been, as
						you said, me encouraging him to be gay... I don't, from your
						arguements, expect you to understand that. Okay, your entire right to
						vote arguement boggles the mind. According to your own arguement,
						(this is called a parody, it helps people like you who can't
						understand stuff, understand stuff. I'm waiting though for your
						literal response, since I'm sure you won't get the nuance) if 51% of
						Americans say we should reinstate slavery, then we didn't, then that
						means some great travesty had taken place, enough said. Uh... okay,
						now to where you twisted around my arguement to mean something
						completely and obviously different than what I said. you said that gay
						people were not discriminated against. I gave an example of how they
						were. Then you went all "black people this" and "fear" that, and went
						on a rant about losing your job. You seem to think I live in some
						state of fear? You're aware that I'm not gay right? If not, now you
						are, not that it matters in the least in any of my arguements. So I'm
						not sure why you think I may be afraid of something, but from my
						profile you can actually follow a link to my site, which has my name,
						David Heintzelman, it even has a map of exactly where I live for shits
						and giggles. Again, where you got the idea I was afraid is beyond me.
						You though... first you accuse me of being afraid, then you say how
						you post anonymously because... you're scared. It seems a bit schitzo.
						As for Mormons and Catholics not giving money to the cause of denying
						a group of people their rights...
						http://www.sltrib.com/news/ci_11102139
						http://blogs.laweekly.com/ladaily/ queer-town/queer-town-the-catholic-
						power/ Last paragraph; you make the point earlier in your arguement
						(albeit the point was completely out of context of the arguement you
						were then debating) that just because "African American people have
						killed white people before. Does that make all black people
						murderers?" And so I would say the same of any of the vandalism you're
						implying is the work of the gay hordes - of which I have heard of
						none, a link wouldn't hurt your arguement there. And there's a whole
						debate already devoted to whether religions should pay taxes, where I
						posted I think a couple times at least. But for the record, they
						should. Any group that tries to influence policies of a nation, should
						than have to participate as a member of that society, hence pay taxes.
						If religious groups want to maintain their tax exempt status, they
						should excuse themselves from influencing policy. You can't have your
						cake and eat it to.
						[Posted by iamdavidh at 2008-12-02T16:17:19+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				The only hatred I've seen has been coming from the homosexual
				community Well then your eyes are closed. Homosexuals have been
				discriminated against for centuries. They were even killed in the
				holocaust. If you don't believe that there is hate directed at
				homosexuals then please check out this site.
				http://www.godhatesfags.com/
				[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-12-01T18:49:45+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					I never said they weren't discriminated against in history, that is
					certain and the way gays have been treated is sick. I said right now,
					the hatred is coming from the gay community. If you don't believe it,
					than just read these forums. Who is stupid? whoever disagrees with
					you. Who is the "fanatical religious right?" whoever disagrees with
					you. We must give you the right to do whatever you want no matter what
					the majority thinks. If we disagree we are driven from our jobs (the
					artistic director of Sacramento theater) we are attacked economically
					(there's a list now of everyone who donated to prop 8 and a demand to
					boycott their businesses) we are told that we had no right to vote
					that way. The Mormon church has had their buildings desecrated, their
					books burned, their members attacked and there is a demand to have
					their tax exempt status removed. Doctors are sued for refusing invitro
					fertilization. eharmony is sued for not providing gay matchmaking.
					Yes, the gay community is attacking anyone who disagrees with them and
					it's sick. If prop 8 had passed we would have gone with it, but we are
					ruthlessly attacked for disagreeing with you, and now the homosexual
					community is trying to destroy democracy and steal from me my right to
					vote because they don't think I have a right to decide where my tax
					money goes. ya, somewhere in the US is an asshole who loudly attacks
					gays, but even my best friends who are gay are full of hate for
					everyone who disagrees with them, and that makes me very sad.
					[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-12-01T21:03:26+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

						In today's society people discriminate against homosexuals all the
						time. In the classroom, at people's offices, in people's own families.
						Right now, in many places throughout the U.S. being homosexual is
						something to be ashamed of. When kids think something is lame what do
						they say? "That's gay." I think this fact alone speaks volumes of the
						homophobia in today's society. You are looking at the extreme examples
						at the expense of the whole picture. If someone said you could not
						marry the person you loved, would you be upset? Would you do whatever
						you could to fix what you perceived as a grave injustice? I want you
						to understand that I do not condone violence, but legal action is
						perfectly within people's rights. People are upset, and they have just
						reasons for being upset. If someone tells you that you were to live in
						a country that promises "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness"
						but later you find out that this is a lie, wouldn't you be upset?
						Would you be pretty fucking pissed off? Once again, anger to the point
						of violence is wrong, but fighting for your rights is
						reasonable....hell, it's American. As for the vote on prop. 8, the
						majority should never have the power to take away rights from a
						minority group. It has happened in our past when other groups were
						discriminated against based on race. People voted on laws
						democratically, but eventually courts overturned these laws. Such was
						the case in California before prop. 8 was passed. The California
						supreme court deemed that disallowing homosexuals to marry was
						discriminatory. They came to this conclusion because they had to base
						their decision on facts . When the issue was put to a vote, people
						could base their decision on whatever reasons they wanted: their
						religious views, their ignorance, their intolerance and bigotry etc...
						Just because you don't want a certain group of people to not have
						rights doesn't allow you to take those rights away from them. You have
						to have a reason. A damn good one. So now, tallblondebigotedguy, what
						are your reasons ? What do you find so wrong with two people who love
						each other being allowed to enter into legal marriage? I swear that I
						am listening to your reasons now. Don't hide behind false pretenses of
						discrimination, or that people don't respect your views, because until
						you can give me your reasoning, all of that is irrelevant.
						[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-12-01T23:16:43+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

							There you go again. I disagree with you, so i'm a bigot. If someone
							thinks anyone who disagrees with them is a bigot, what does that make
							them? (I'll give you a hint, it's a word you just used) The irony is
							that I honestly didn't give a damn about gay marriage before activists
							started to attack everyone who disagreed with them. My little sister
							was afraid to go to school for 3 weeks during the prop 8 vote. I think
							the problem is that the gay community thinks that discrimination is
							having people think they're doing something wrong, and that's simply
							not discrimination. The entire issue of gay marriage is centered
							around the idea that you want everyone not just to tolerated you, but
							to tell you what you're doing is ok, and if this doesn't happen, it's
							discrimination to you. Once again that is the decleration of
							independence by the way. Life liberty and pursuit of happiness. No one
							can show me in the CONSTITUTION where it guarantees the right to
							marry, and that include the tyrannical judges who base their decision
							based on what they think should be instead of what the law is. You
							know what that's called, when 7-9 judges (or really 4 or 5, since it's
							never been more than a simple majority) go against the constitutiont
							to pass a law they think is right? That's called tyranny. Do you
							support tyranny? What if it wasn't in your favor? What if those judges
							said gays should be burned? That's why there are checks and balances.
							I think the real problem here comes to two points that will always
							divide this arguement. 1) you believe homosexuality is like race:
							something someone is born with and has no control over. The opposing
							side believes it is action realted, because someone is not gay, somone
							is living a gay lifestyle. The problem is a word symantics one. If you
							define gay as attracted to members of the same sex, than it's a moot
							point, because that person is not limited in any way. But if being gay
							is having a relationship with a member of the same sex, than it has
							become an action, and thus is not afforded any special protection
							because it is action-oriented. All of this is moot in my opinion
							because no matter what you still have all the same rights as straight
							people, but your arguement rests on it entirely. 2) Marrying whomever
							you love is a basic right. This just isn't true. If it was, than what
							about pedophiles. Studies show many of them are born with these
							feelings. What about serial killers? We know they're born that way.
							Obviously these are extreme examples and gays and serial killers are
							in no way alike, but I use them as examples to show that this
							arguement cannot stand up legally. And besides, it's just not in the
							constitution. I am not a bigot. 90% of my friends are gay, and they're
							my very best friends. If you can pass a law that gives you the right
							to marry I am all for it. I may even vote for it if people ask me
							nicely instead of yelling at me. But I have been opposed for over 10
							years to people manipulating courts to get their legistlature through.
							I know you think it's a right in the constitution, or you think it
							should be. It's not, so make it one! This vote failed, but not for
							long. By the time my generation is completely in charge, it will be
							legal the right way. So hope for that instead of bringing down our
							country's established system with judicial legislation (as if it could
							sink any lower).
							[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-12-02T07:19:24+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

								Wow, I was so done with your arguements. You completely ignore every
								point made by anyone. Then twist around words to fit in this weird
								idea you have that somehow gays are discriminating against you by
								wanting to get married. Then you start making up stories about your
								sister being "scared" of all the gays on her way to school... At first
								I thought you were a sane, but misled person. Now I am really
								beginning to believe you are crazy. There are no gays rioting the
								streats. No one's lives or daughters or sisters are in mortal danger.
								You don't see how comments like that are even more hateful and
								destructive than just saying things like "I hate fags?" Because they
								really are. Then you tried to compare gay people to pediphiles! You
								don't see that gay marriage is between two consenting people? You
								really need to write an apology for this entire arguement...
								[Posted by iamdavidh at 2008-12-02T16:51:10+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

									Well put. I was going to respond but you basically covered everything
									I was going to say. I would only add that I never said he was a bigot
									for opposing marriage, I was talking about how he does recognize where
									the real discrimination is coming from.
									[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-12-02T18:43:02+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

									OK, I am in perfect agreement with you that this conversation should
									probably be over. I'll respond to both posts. First, I don't apologize
									for my opinions. I have, however, clarified to my earlier post, that
									when I forgot to specifically mention pedophilia as being unrelated to
									homosexuality, I assumed the reader would group pedophilia and serial
									murder. I have clarified this point, and I'll say again, pedophilia
									and serial killing are in no way similar to homosexuality. I was
									merely using hyperbole to show that people do not have a right to do
									everything they are born desiring. "whether people "turn gay" or are
									born gay, is not a matter of opinion. 1+1=2 is not a matter of
									opinion. It's a fact." http://www.cwfa.org/images/content/
									bornorbred.pdf a scholarly response to the idea that this has been pr
									oven. I'm sure we can both go on all day posting on this idea, the
									reality is we just don't know. I personally believe people are born
									with a predisposition toward homosexuality which can either be
									cultivated or repressed, but everyone has the ability to make
									decisions in their life. Besides, no one is arguing gays should stop
									what they're doing (well, some people probably are). Again, ad
									homonyms all over. It seems If anyone says something you disagree with
									the best thing to do is call them hateful and stupid. Oh and gay, but
									I guess I'm too dumb to get that. If 51% of people voted for slavery
									it wouldn't matter because slavery is made illegal by the constitution
									and the courts would then have an obligation to point that out. That's
									what it's for. If anyone can show me where it says you have a right to
									marry whomever you want in the constitution I will go picket in CA
									right now. I guess I should be more clear. Gay people have been
									persecuted for a long time. It's a shame they feel the need to
									persecute others now that they are gaining popularity. And you can
									call me a liar whenever you disagree with me if you like (it's very
									effective I'm sure), but my sister cried every day during the prop 8
									thing because she supported it and she was constantly harassed. I
									never said she was afraid for her life, but that does make the story
									more interesting, doesn't it :) "You seem to think I live in some
									state of fear?" This was also irony. I was suggesting that
									discrimination against gays has largely disappeared (that doesn't mean
									everyone agrees with you, it just means their rights are no longer
									being violated, i.e. they can get work, they don't get killed
									(hopefully!), etc). I apologize about thinking you were gay (not that
									its bad), you made a comment on an earlier post that I must have
									misunderstood. "As for Mormons and Catholics not giving money to the
									cause of denying a group of people their rights..." I hate to play the
									"I'm right" game, but I am here. Do more research, my father is a
									leader in the Mormon church. While church members donated and were
									asked to support the legislature, the church itself did not make any
									political donations. I'm not as sure about the Catholics, but if
									they're smart they played it the same way. I agree that some of the
									churches which are heavily political (i.e. Jeremiah Wright?) should
									get out of politics or be taxed as political entities. Churches do,
									however, have a right to encourage voting on moral issues (it's
									actually in the law, believe it or not), and both of these churches
									are silent on political issues outside of this. I won't apologize for
									my opinion. The real irony is that I'm not even opposed to gay
									marriage. I'm opposed to people who will do anything to get their way,
									no matter who it hurts. Anyway, you've heard my point of view. I will
									change it the minute anyone can shows me that gay marriage is a
									protected constitutional right, or when a vote is passed. Until then,
									I respect your right to believe in whatever you want, and I even
									respect your right to hate and mock everyone who disagrees with you
									(thought I will then ask you to respect my right to call you a hateful
									shallow bigot. yay free speech). I would honestly be happy for
									everyone to just say, look, you and I disagree, but we have that right
									and we can still be friends, because right now that's not happening...
									Oh, and I still don't like the courts usurping authority not given to
									then by the constitution :)
									[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-12-02T19:30:16+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

								OK, so apparently I need to clarify every single statement and point
								out that when I said gays are not like serial killers AT ALL, and this
								was merely hyperbole to show a fallacious argument, I forgot to
								mention pedophilia. Homosexuality and pedophilia are obviously not
								related AT ALL. i thought this was pretty obvious from the way I wrote
								it, but apparently some people need it spelled out. I should have been
								more clear however.
								[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-12-02T18:56:36+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Gay "marriage" doesn't hurt anyone in a sense that it threatens
traditional marriage (that between a man and woman). I say "marriage"
in reference to gay "marriage" because marriage is understood to be
between a man and woman in the very sense of the term, as a religious
term. Gay's should be allowed to commit to one another and in a sense
assume responsibility that a husband and wife would.
[Posted by latisha1903 at 2008-11-22T08:11:34+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

If two consenting adults love each other and want to make a life long
commitment of marriage they should be allowed to do so.
[Posted by sonotforyou at 2008-12-05T13:59:47+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Why should it only be two consenting adults? What about people who
	were born poly who want to marry more than one person? Why should they
	be denied their rights? Let's stop with ALL of the bigotry.
	[Posted by EricM at 2011-06-30T17:18:18+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

I say, keep gay marriage OUT of religion. HOWEVER, allow it as a
legal form of marriage. Shouldn't gay people be allowed to be happy(or
gay...lol) as well.
[Posted by MKIced at 2009-02-02T21:51:34+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I don't believe that gay marriage can hurt anyone, people just tend
not to like seeing the same sex together, its just awkward,that's why
there is men and women. Can't find a woman you like, keep looking
because there are plenty in the sea.
[Posted by JustinWillis at 2009-02-13T18:40:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It's this simple..... You love who you love. And for those religious
nuts out there..... doesn't it say Thou shalt not judge??? YOU ARE NOT
GOD. Let him sort it out, and you should worry about yourself instead
of a gay couple.
[Posted by TheDutchess at 2009-03-01T21:37:04+00:00 - Side: nosey conservatives]

It can't. It's a free choice, it's not like married gay people are
out to get us and murder us in our sleep. I honestly don't know why
everyone makes such a fuss about it I MEAN HONESTLY. GOODNESS. That's
kind of discrimination.
[Posted by quicknwitty at 2009-03-08T17:02:28+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Ok, this debate has caught alot of attention, so i'm going to put my
two cents in...Gay marriage mmmm, so I am going to say is for those of
you who thinks it does, do diffrent color people marrying each other
bug you or has the debate says hurt you? Should a Elephant marry a
mouse? The only person that gay marriage can hurt is the ones in the
marriage. Now, I'm not for it, but I'm not going to waste my time
fretting over it. Well you can say I'm not against either. Who knows I
might fall in love with a chick and marry her one day, it's the love I
think that matters, and other people should mind thier own business!
[Posted by JESSEMlover at 2009-03-11T12:42:23+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It cannot hurt us in any manner that any other marriage couldn't.
[Posted by riahlize at 2011-09-07T19:44:54+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Same sex marriage does not hurt anyone. It is a freedom of religion
issue. People do not have the right to force their beliefs on others.
And I am a Christian saying this.
[Posted by Sitara at 2012-02-16T11:58:59+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

People are generally idiots. They can't accept that someone might be
different from them so they create stupid laws and discriminate, it's
just.. a mess. But really, gay marriage is like any other marriage.
[Posted by BookBird101 at 2012-09-20T11:16:02+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

While I think that it could bring about a whole new class of social
implications, I don't believe that any of them have the inherent
ability to hurt anyone. It's like the prohibition of marijuana on the
bases that it's a "gateway drug". It may be true that people that are
now on heroin have tried weed, it doesn't mean that it lead these
people without control, to heroin. The same as saying people that do
drive-by-shootings began their vehicular criminal life by driving to
the mall, or at the DMV. The theoretical implication to marriage
between a man and man or a woman and a woman are the same as a man and
woman. Then again, maybe you should be so bold as to ask a more
correct question "How can marriage, in general, hurt anyone".
[Posted by Bradf0rd at 2008-11-18T13:21:08+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Why would it? If you dont like it, then guess what? You have nothing
to do about it! Gay people exist! They are part of our world! The
shouldnt be humiliated and, why on earth, would they be?They have a
right just like everyone else, they are not aliens!!
[Posted by noapotter at 2008-12-02T10:49:48+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It doesent hurt anyone, if they want to be together, who are we
stopping them?
[Posted by aboe7830 at 2008-12-08T04:22:38+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It doesn't hurt anyone and for years straight people have been doing
a good enough job ruining marriage themselves. Look at the divorce
rate gay people have had nothing to do with that. Not to mention the
people most likely to divorce do live in red states. Gay people
deserve the same rights as everyone else and civil unions are not
seperate but equal.
[Posted by miguelprado at 2008-12-12T18:56:54+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Well me being in the gay community of course i dont think it hurts
anyone. The only people i can see that it hurts, would possibly be the
parents of gays. Other than that if people just mind there business,
and not discriminate against gays then it'll all be ok.
[Posted by MRSNOOSH at 2008-12-21T23:58:05+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	a good point, no one else has brought up the parents. and not wanting
	my opinion to be misconstrued, i would like to say that if gay
	marriage was accepted, and gay people themselves, i dont think that
	the parents would be hurt so much. i think they are mostly hurt
	because they dont think it is good for their kids bc society like to
	push that opinion.
	[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T09:06:43+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Hurt is a broad term, but if to be taken in the context of marriage
the main aspect of this union are the people participating in it.
Given this fact, since they choose to marry each other regardless of
orientation or gender, it definitely doesn't hurt anyone. People in
contact with these gay couples might disapprove of their status but
other than having their ideals or opinions contested, in no way are
they distinguishably hurt per se.
[Posted by LadyinBlue at 2009-01-06T05:32:57+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I don't think it hurts anyone, really. Except for maybe people who
are indecisive about their sexual orientation and are losing sleep
over it.
[Posted by johnbonham32 at 2009-01-07T14:59:53+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

First of all, the two options for this debate are a bit limiting and
ambiguous. If we define "hurt" as directly set back or disadvantage,
then no, gay marriage doesn't hurt even the most vehement of bigots.
However, if we define "hurt" as having any influence in which a person
may deem negative to themselves, then yes, it is very possible that it
does. I've sided with the "doesn't hurt anyone" because in GENERAL and
DIRECTLY it does not influence people who oppose it. John and Jim
getting married and having sex behind closed doors, does not affect
the daily life of big Pastor Joe in a direct way. However, the long
term social and political effects will have very real consequences for
both Pastor Joe and the rest of society. If we examine the effects of
abortion laws, especially the revision those of 1973, we see how it is
possible for legislation intending to provide more individual freedoms
may affect the social dynamic. The 1.7 million abortions a year are
seen with a more liberal attitude after Roe and other similar historic
legal moments. Compare the average attitude on abortion in 1920 to
today, and you will find that the social dynamic has changed. As
society becomes more liberal on a certain issue because of
legislation, it is possible that Pastor Joe is now surrounded with a
warped culture he does not enjoy. This culture, the effects of gay
marriage, may very possibly "hurt" Pastor Joe in the sense that he is
not happy with the effects of allowing it, later down the road. Forced
to chose one of the absolutist sides, "Doesn't hurt anyone" -- In
general, right now, if John and Jim wish to go get a married, this
does not influence my life. In an ideal philosophy, the actions of two
consenting adults in private are of no business to anyone but
themselves, thus "doesnt hurt anyone."
[Posted by tshare at 2009-02-08T17:27:56+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt - does affect]

	When laws were passed giving Blacks equal rights using your
	definition hurt lots of people, the KKK did not want Blacks having the
	same freedoms as themselves so when the Blacks did they would have
	been "hurt" and forced to live in a world that made them uncomfotable,
	so are you saying those laws giving Black people the same freedoms as
	Whites were wrong? If not why should giving Gay people the same rights
	as straight people be wrong just because it might make some small
	minded bigots uncomfortable
	[Posted by TheAshman at 2012-12-20T13:10:56+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		because black men and women can have babies... Blacks are trying
		their best to advance the species, unlike gays whose philosophy if
		adopted by all would end it.
		[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:31:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Homosexuality has been around for Thousands Of Years and I dont see
			the world ending due to lack of babies, the reason for this is
			Homosexuality is not a Philosophy, its a sexual orientation and a
			straight person cannot turn gay anymore than a gay person can turn
			straight. So there will be Gay people for many more years and straight
			people churning out babies for many more years, you dont have to worry
			the world is more likely to die due to overpopulation than the human
			race die out hecause of a homo plague that'll stop people procreating
			(even if the world did turn Gay, Lesbians could still have children so
			the human race is quite safe).
			[Posted by TheAshman at 2013-03-26T09:56:47+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Given your explanation, I am relieved to see someone with real
	intellect on here. Although against gay lifestyles, as I feel they set
	a bad example for the youths of today, as well as setting a bad legal
	precedent - where might we stop; marriage to cows... or rocks... I'm
	gonna marry myself and get double the welfare checks... That sort of
	thing is coming, mark my words. There is an old proverb - Give that
	man an inch and he'll take a mile... This is very worrisome for me.
	Like Ray Kurzweil I make one my my hobbies studying the future and
	trends - I worry very much about the evolution of humanity if the gay
	lifestyle is not kicked to the curb quickly.
	[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:38:35+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

If I was born with a sexual attraction to children, I wouldn't act on
it. I know I was born gay. There are some men with an extra x
chromosome who are gay and many have sex change operations. Do they
have less rights as a human because of that fact. Don't argue the
slippery slope. It fails. You may have feelings but u don't act on it
with minors period. And with 90 per cent heterosexuals, it's good that
there are some people who don't procreate. We live in a world of
finite resources. As long as 2 consenting adults love each other,
leave them be. It's a free country that way. It's a right. Don't argue
over the word marriage,use a different term but give the same rights.
[Posted by Jaebird at 2009-05-13T22:10:51+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	You seem to forget a single blazing point - you have a very large
	number of heterosexual couples to thank for your very existence.
	[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:28:59+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

i just wanted to add this, but since aids comes from monkies.... im
pretty sure gay people didnt spread the first strain through humanity.
i would venture to guess, that some straight guy out in the jungle on
some expedition thing, got really horny and fucked a monkey. a gay
guy, would just go have sex with the other gay guys there. and, they
tend to be cleaner and pickier, so i dont think they would go for a
monkey.... 0.0 (yes, an immature thing to say, but hey, alot of the
people here are already saying stupid crap, i thought id add this too)
[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:52:32+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I think that it hurts people's sensabilities if anything, but the
amount of adultery and divroce hurts mine. Adultery is immoral, yet
that fact isn't stopping anyone. I think it is that individuals
choice. What if straight people are simply getting married simply for
the benefits, but no one is taking away their choice to get married.
[Posted by fire at 2009-10-21T17:03:39+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	You seem to forget a single blazing point - you have a very large
	number of heterosexual couples to thank for your very existence.
	[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:27:02+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

me i have a gay aunt and it doesn't hurt me because its a lifestyle
choices so who ever thinks that it hurts anyone then something is
wrong with you because there's nothing wrong its that that ginger
likes the same ginger son thats what i got to say and remember IT DO
NOT HURT ANYONE SO GET OVER IT
[Posted by mherreraII at 2009-11-18T13:45:47+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gay marriage does not hurt anybody, nor does it affect any one around
them! In the old testament Samuel II 1:26 it says,"I am distressed for
thee. my brother Jonathan: very pleasant hast thou been unto me: thy
love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women." This is a clear
indication that King David had a gay relationship and to say otherwise
is naive.
[Posted by gogays333 at 2010-02-24T00:04:15+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I'm just a kid, and I don't think it hurts anybody. If you think it
hurts people, you're a retard.
[Posted by origamifreak at 2011-02-01T15:57:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Why should the government have any say in how people run thier lives?
I might not ever know the answer to that but i know why the government
does. Becuz even thought we don't say it out loud we think like ing
some one of the same sex deserves a title. WELL IT DOESN'T! same sex
relationships are the same as different sex relationships. I don't
know first hand but i would think that a same sex relationship would
be better then a different sex relationship just becuz the SS
relationship would mean they new more about how that body type works.
BUT the government does'nt work that why all they see is since it is
not the same we don't like it. and it is so fucked up becuz it is like
the the gov. is yelling " FUCK YOU FAGOTS AMERICA HATES YOU AND YOUR
WAYS" and that pisses me the hell off! i think that if you wanna fuck
some one with the same gear have fun! just don't try it on me!
[Posted by Abbott at 2011-02-04T21:45:47+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Why would it hurt anyone? No one should be denied the right to marry
no matter who they love and recently in the UK Quaker and Jewish
churches have said that if a same sex marriage law is passed they all
perform the ceremonies :) People need to wake up and smell the coffee,
homosexuality is not bad, it doesn't cause anymore STI's than
heterosexual sex, it is in no way connected to pedophilia and just
cause religion says we should condemn them doesn't mean we should
That's gone rather off topic but oh well
[Posted by JackLister at 2011-02-20T12:46:10+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Same sex marriages could not hurt anyone. They just want love and
respect, fun and happiness just like everyone else. How could that
hurt anyone. &amp; just because someone is attracted to the same sex
does not mean they will automatically hit on you, grow up and stop
thinking everything is about you, because its not.
[Posted by KawaiiLove at 2011-04-05T14:30:46+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gay marriage doesn't hurt anyone. You see straight people get
married, sometimes more then once..marriage is for everyone.
Gay/Lesbian just want at least one marriage but people are to
uptight/all about themselves to let that kind of marriage happen...I'm
sick and tired of people not accepting others...I have no spirt or
whatever you want to call it for america...we're just going to get
worse, and its sickening. Love me or hate me, I'm speaking my
thoughts.
[Posted by KawaiiLove at 2011-04-29T13:01:23+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	If you want equal treatment, you must behave equally... That pretty
	much explains everything.
	[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:23:58+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

i really dont see why it could hurt i mean it just like marrage but
just the same sex.
[Posted by jakeisabaest at 2012-04-23T16:17:13+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

First of all Gay Marriage doesn't hurt anyone, and it even helps the
economy. second is that the bible says allot of things that don't make
sense, for people to have come from Adam and Eve Cain and Able would
have had to had sex with Eve. Third the same would have had to
happened with Noah. I'm saying if it's ok to have sex with your mother
in the bible it must be ok for a man and a man or a woman and a woman
to have sex.
[Posted by polloloco44 at 2012-05-10T21:33:41+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I am fully a Christian. However if people choose to be gay they
choose to be gay. It does not effect you unless your gay. WITH saying
that I know people have liked gay people and gotten hurt from it,
however there are always other people.
[Posted by Debatest at 2016-09-30T14:10:48+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	What makes you think that people "choose" to be gay?
	[Posted by IAmSparticus at 2016-09-30T14:13:50+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		What makes you think that people "choose" to be gay? What makes you
		think people don't choose to be gay? I wouldn't call it discriminatory
		because that would be idiotic, but why can't I choose to like men?
		[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-03-17T06:11:23+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

It really doesn't bother anyone, I am cristion. But I'm also Bi. It
is just they way you feel about things. I'm totally for the laws of
love and God!
[Posted by JESSEMlover at 2009-01-09T09:59:09+00:00 - Side: Love Justice God]

	Yeah, I have a 'feeling' for robbing banks - should I be able to do
	that also? Or how about that feeling of snogging my sister? Do you
	actually think that if you 'feel' it's okay, then that makes it
	okay???
	[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:22:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

no - that's stupid. it's just another case of people being overly
concerned with other people's lives instead of sticking to their own
business.
[Posted by 370HSSV at 2009-01-25T18:24:48+00:00 - Side: nosey conservatives]

	If you don't want it to be my business, then don't make it my
	business - simple enough for ya?
	[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:21:09+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

as long as its not expose in public with groping, there is really no
hurt. If they are happy able to make a great future let it be.
Marriage is a good thing.
[Posted by austinmobile at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

M a Christian for example.... Your morals and judgements are shared
with billions of other people. Morality is a mine field,you walk into
it blindfolded and you'll get killed... If your morals are not further
backed up by science or other sources than... Well... Morality is no
longer a valid argument unless proven by science... At least morality
motivated by religion. Marriage... Marriage began as a business
agreement between 2(or more....) families to combine Resources between
them. The arguement that marriage is a religous binding and that it is
strictly between this and this kind of individual is none-the-less
wrong. Besides, marriage even now is longer just a religous binding,
it is a legal significance "The Church does not rule the state." If a
heterosexual couple is allowed to engage in these legal matters, then
shouldn't a homosexual one? Be as cruel as up you want.
[Posted by UnknownAlias at 2012-06-17T12:01:54+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

why should the goverment decide on what is right and wrong.if the
goverment said we weremt alound to have children because of all the
diseses like herpies all babies at fourteen everybody would say no my
point is that if people took those risk what wou;ld we have to gang
like lessons our values
[Posted by ppreston at 2012-08-31T18:42:49+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gay marriage is the union between a man and a man (or woman and
woman). It is literally their own business. If you find it repulsive,
think it's against the will of god, or anything like that, fine, you
have the right to your opinion. But are you saying gay people don't?
And unless they're having sex publically i don't really understand how
it's deviant. What IS deviant is taking such an interest in something
that you yourself claim to find disgusting. What does that say about
YOU, hmmm?
[Posted by JonesOutOfC at 2012-09-28T21:39:56+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Unless it's an arranged marriage... ?
[Posted by Elvira at 2012-12-26T15:53:41+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

People do not agree with it beause it is different than what they are
used to.
[Posted by ComputerWhiz at 2013-03-21T16:31:49+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I have a rather large rant against the choice of gay lifestyle, this
is reason #4; I can supply the entire thing upon request - but I can
promise NO pro-gay people will want to see it. Not that it's
insulting, but that's it's logic is all but impossible to refute. 4-An
analogy would be; Try to imagine all the people on Earth are on a
lifeboat and in danger of dying through lack of food, fresh water,
etc. Now we can see dry land a couple miles away and the only way to
get there is for everyone to stick their hands into the water and
paddle in the same direction, towards the dry land. For those with
rather less than stellar IQ's the analogy is Earth is the boat, the
survivors are the people of Earth, advancing the human species is
paddling towards dry land, and being gay is paddling the other way or
not at all. If you are not part of the solution, then you are part of
the problem. If you are not trying to actively advance the human
species, then you should abstain from any benefits derived therefrom.
You can choose to rob banks but you must live with the results, you
can choose to be gay, but if everyone were gay then it would spell the
end of human life on this planet. The movement for gay rights and LGBT
equality is doomed to failure, or at the very least a fatally slanted
naming convention (equality is equal if we are both trying to be like
a standard model). This situation appears similar to the man on the
lifeboat who never paddled being proud when the boat touches dry land
and tries to grab some shade under a tree when there is only a limited
amount. In the real world, almost everyone on the lifeboat would have
pitched him overboard if he refused to TRY his best to help at
paddling. Exceptions would be given for those that try and fail or
that are wounded – but Gays are actively trying to paddle in another
direction with no dry land visible. If I was one of those in the
lifeboat, I would be angry to say the least. If I was one of those on
shore already waiting for my fellow travelers or family members to
make landfall, I would be angry as well. Admittedly this argument
requires one to look at the bigger picture rather than just their
little acorn, but the logic is obvious. Additionally, It reduces the
pool from which to gain a spouse for normal heterosexual people. This
is assuming that one starts life as heterosexual and for whatever
reason becomes homosexual at some later point in time. If you consider
that being gay is said to be “not a choice” by many people, then you
might consider that robbing banks or other immoral behavior is the
same. That being the case; When your child is young and tries to steal
something, the child should be punished for stealing, if they continue
to steal things then therapy might be sought if further punishment
proves ineffective. Unless of course the child learns about the gay-
rights movement, where then the child will simply say "I was born to
steal stuff, I had no choice". So what are you gonna do on that day?
Tell him it's okay to steal after all, or seek therapy/punishment for
the errant youth??
[Posted by CybrKnyf at 2013-03-26T08:09:22+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I have Gay friends some of whom are married and some of whom have
kids, the Kids do well in school and at least one of them is Straight
the other thing I have noticed is that the population of the town is
not dwindling in fact its increasing. To me this is proof that Gay
people do not make better or worse parents than straight people and
the real shocker having married Gay people in the world does not stop
people having babies and their straight friends, have all stayed
straight its amazing really.
[Posted by TheAshman at 2013-03-27T07:37:44+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

it can't hurt anyone. When people get married, have sex, adopt kids,
or do any of that family stuff, the only people they are affecting is
themselves. There is nothing wrong with homosexuality.
[Posted by Quocalimar at 2013-03-30T03:03:33+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It is not my problem. It is against my Biblical beliefs, but I am a
liberal, so my vote will be against a theocratic policy.
[Posted by Sitara at 2013-04-01T19:07:47+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It doesnt hurt anyone. It all depends on the two person who decide to
marry each other and live a happy life. Love is between 2 person not
the whole world. Let it be, we cant change the way they think or feel.
Gay marriage should be legalized.
[Posted by Beast123 at 2013-04-23T16:56:46+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Being gay is better than being straight hands down. Homosexual
parents are STRONGLY better at their job than straight parents, only
because they have heart and soul in their child. One thing that
doesn't make sense about this debate is this "bible" thing being
thrown around. One thing people need to get straight(no pun intended)
is that the bible does not support ACTUAL evidence of anything it
says. Yes indeed, it brings hope to people that are simply too blind
and ignorant to find hope by themselves. Still, this does not show any
relation to homosexual marriage. No book of possible fiction should
tell who can and can't get married. It's a personal preference and
everyone should honor the dignity and pride in a homosexual
relationship. - I apologize for the scattered arguments in this
paragraph. It's really hard to stick to one topic when it makes me so
angry that people actually believe they can tell who's allowed to get
married and who's not. It sickens me that people can get away with
such a crime to the point where I lose my train of thought.
[Posted by AmberJahArts at 2013-05-30T23:59:52+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It hurts conservatives when they get butt hurt when they can't force
their religion on other people.
[Posted by SexyBanana at 2014-02-03T22:58:05+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It doesn't hurt anyone, so long as the marriage only affects the
people married. There are gay couples who live happy lives while not
affecting anyone else. Gay marriage is perfectly fine, so long as it
doesn't affect the innocent.
[Posted by coolfreeze at 2015-04-16T18:07:18+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It is impossible that Gay Marriage can hurt anyone. Love can't hurt,
ever!
[Posted by PhxDemocrat at 2015-06-21T02:30:10+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gay Marriage harms no one. Gay Marriage should be legal.
[Posted by PhxDemocrat at 2015-06-22T03:07:15+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gay Marriage is harmless and does not hurt anyone. It is wonderful.
[Posted by PhxDemocrat at 2015-07-18T03:37:33+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It can't. The only ones it will hurt are bigots who hate Gay people.
[Posted by PhxDemocrat at 2015-08-09T02:11:08+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

How can it indeed. For most people it seems to be a religious belief
that gay marriage is a problem. In the modern world however (or in my
country at least) people realise that trying to convince others of
their religious beliefs tends to backfire spectacularly so those who
oppose gay marriage instead try to find a secular justification for
their disapproval and it never seems to work. Either they claim that
gay parents damage children, something that becomes legal before gay
marriage in many countries and is therefore nothing to do with
marriage. Or they go down the slippery slope route, trying to claim
that allowing gay marriage will allow other breaks from tradition that
scare us all. It makes you wonder whether the anti gay crowd reacted
to Saudi Arabia's legalisation of female drivers by claiming that even
though women can drive the reform needs to be voted against just in
case it paves the way for radical purple haired feminists that want to
keep men in a dungeon to be milked like cattle
[Posted by AhuraMazda at 2017-11-21T12:23:34+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

How can gay marriage hurt any one? It can't hurt anyone physically,
unless some radical Christians bomb a gay marriage center or whatever
they're called.
[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-03-17T06:08:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

People need to mind their own business...............................
.......................................
.................................
[Posted by KJVPrewrath at 2018-04-11T17:21:09+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It probably hurts the right's puny little
ego.................................... .....
[Posted by beastforever at 2018-04-14T03:05:29+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

The sad thing is that nobody wants to support something so simple.
Really?
[Posted by Undertale at 2018-05-04T07:32:21+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gay marriage can't hurt anyone in any law of self-being. You have to
be retarded to say, "People of the same sex can have the same rights
as straight people? Oh no! Now I must be lesbian!" While straights
were born with the right to marry, gays never said anything like that
except, "I hope I don't get any rights stripped from me." It's
honestly hilarious how y'all think two gay guys can't raise a kid
because children need a father and mother. Your points are basically
gender role influenced and bigoted. Come at me when the tea is
thicker, honey. ☕☕☕
[Posted by HardAgnostic at 2019-01-11T05:24:24+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

No. If Tina and Sally want to marry each other, they have that right.
This whole debate results from the misinterpretation of religious
texts, by religious and conservative bigots.
[Posted by YLFF at 2019-12-20T22:05:34+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

https://www.gaychristian101.com/
....................................... .............
[Posted by YLFF at 2019-12-20T22:09:24+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I want to point out a seldom talked about but nevertheless very
important point: Gay marriage absolutely does erode "family", and here
is why: the church - the summation of all religious institutions -
wants to control the relationship between children and parents. This
is of utmost importance to the church, because parents are the most
reliable tool of mass religious indoctrination; and because much of
the "sacred" beliefs are delivered as interaction between parents and
children, which the followers are supposed to model. This is why the
church seeks to control both licensing to procreation (marriage) and
procreation itself (promiscuity, abortions, gay marriage). Anyone who
treads on these interests of the church is opposed by the church
because losing any of these defense lines directly reduces the
church's market which is never going to come back. Gay marriage does
exactly what the conservatives are complaining about: the necessity to
allow gay people to marry means taking away the marriage prerogative
from the church. It directly results in less believers and thus harms
the religious thought as a whole. Gay marriage destroys marriage and
traditional values, and that's why it's a great thing.
[Posted by lolcats at 2008-11-23T14:53:07+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	"Gay marriage destroys marriage and traditional values, and that's
	why it's a great thing." this is why the prop 8 passed. on the one
	hand. . .you all want the white picket fence on the other. . .it sucks
	and we are freakin' stupid for buying into it. so why do you want that
	which you claim to hate? as a married woman with children I have been
	called a breeder on various women forums. and the concept that
	children are merely excessive consumerism run amok that they hate
	seeing in their daily life. this idea was put forth many times by
	women who thought my being married, to a man no less was pretty much
	the same as me tattooing slave on my forehead. I accept you for who
	you are. why do you want to be me? and if you want to be me why the
	disdain for my choices?
	[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-23T20:30:14+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	1) gay marriage does not "erode family" if anything, they are
	happyier bc that family actually wanted their child, they didnt have
	an accidental condom breaking baby, so they were prepared. 2) if they
	did, that shouldnt be why you vote for it, that is in fact, the
	stupidest thing ive read on this page. "ooooo, vote for this bc it
	destroys religions!!!" how immature and stupid. are you trying to look
	cool or somthing? bc it didnt work.
	[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:56:53+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I think the argument of sanctity of marriage is horrific. If you make
yourself a loaf of bread and eat it day after day, will it taste any
worse if someone else on another planet also gets to make his/her own
loaf or bread and eat it? No it won't. Will the loaf you eat be any
less nutritious if someone else on a remote planet also does the same?
No. Ergo sanctity of marriage is nothing but jealousy of marriage in
disguise. You only want marriage for yourself so you can have
something that someone else doesn't. GROW UP KIDS! That kind of
behaviours is criticized in kindergarten when a bully wants to have a
playground ride only to himself. Not that I support marriage, I just
support everyone's right to call their bond marriage. It's such a
stupid trivial childish crap, but since people take is seriously, then
I suppose I have to too. [edit]Hmm, I already used that argument on
some other debate, except that I used beans instead of bread.
[Posted by YummyCookies at 2008-11-30T13:28:59+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Not only is your logic superficial, but it completely lacks any
	relationship to the topic. There is nothing childish about the loss of
	religious freedom, or forced funding of something you find morally
	objectionable. You claim its jealousy of marriage, huh? They only want
	marriage for themselves? Actually since marriage is not a right, and
	even if it was they would have the same right I do to marry someone of
	the opposite sex, what they want is a special new right, and by giving
	it to them you are now forcing every religious institution to perform
	them and deny them of their religious freedom, which is a
	Constitutional right. You might want to look into the number of
	lawsuits against business owners currently in this country against
	people who exercised their rights to deny their services to a
	homosexual marriage, Photographers, bakeries, churches etc.
	http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/ 19/ us-usa-gaymarriage-
	washington- idUSBRE93I08820130419 This issue has nothing to do with
	marriage rights, since it isnt a right, it has everything to do with
	forcing their immorality on the rest of us, and using it as a cover
	for more degradation of our society and our rights to choose where and
	when even who we do business with, more importantly, its just another
	cash cow for the trial lawyers to open new venues for lawsuits, and
	since they are the ones writing this stuff and are promoted by
	liberals theres is no doubt its only about money.
	[Posted by necromancer at 2013-07-17T16:01:43+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

I support same sex marriage. Marriage is about love, not biological
sex.
[Posted by Sitara at 2013-01-27T16:27:37+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Sitara that is a very good point. However I think gay marriage starts
	to hurt when people start to ask for more rights, which is sadly
	happening in this world. We start asking for rights, and if its
	declined, we start protests, which then turn into outbreaks worthy of
	landing themselves in the newspaper.
	[Posted by coolfreeze at 2015-04-16T20:01:11+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		And how does a protest demanding equal treatment by their government
		or having pictures of that protest land in a newspaper hurt anyone?
		Should no one ask for anything - since it might be denied?
		[Posted by JustIgnoreMe at 2015-04-17T14:57:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

KMKJFNJNJNM KFKEIHUUBNG N DJUHEJNBJ DF IKJIBDFNJSHDL,LKROE IHHJASFNJK
[Posted by janae at 2009-01-29T15:36:56+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

What people like you don't get is that people who are legally married
to a member of the same sex usually want to adopt. The child of the
couple is going to be hurt mentally because it is healthy for a child
to grow up in a household with one mom and one dad. The mom and the
dad each contribute something to how the child acts and feels. Without
either a mom or a dad the child is mentally hurt because they do not
have that influence. I am not saying the child is mentally retarded,
but it is much more healthy to have one mom and one dad. I sometimes
will say that I support the right to marry but not to adopt. My
problem with that statement, though, is that the bible makes
references where it says that a marrige is to be strictly between only
one man and one woman. My stance on the issue is that I am somewhere
between no tolerance and some to little tolerance.
[Posted by Republican08 at 2009-04-05T18:40:28+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Thanks for your expert analysis. Congratulations on getting your PhD
	in developmental psychology by the way. Now that you are done with
	your speculation I will provide you with an actual study.
	http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/ 514477 Every other study I have
	seen found the same results. Furthermore what about single parents?
	Should they be allowed to have kids or adopt? My guess is you think
	so. They are not getting the influence of both a mom and dad, just
	like you think how same-sex couples raise kids, so what's the
	difference? The bible should never be any justification for laws.
	Regardless of the fact that it is a piece of fiction, it violates the
	establishment clause of the first amendment of the constitution.
	[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-04-28T02:37:59+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I was going to reply and then I realized you had basically said
		everything quite well already. Well argued.
		[Posted by Jace at 2013-05-31T00:32:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Your a stupid person. When you realize ur like the other blond
			people, you would come begging for mercy.
			[Posted by Gossip_lies at 2017-08-08T01:15:10+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		Thanks for your attempt at deception and ridicule. But then how else
		could you promote something that takes little more than common sense
		to refute. Since I cant access your link, (I would love to see how
		that study was conducted or even funded) I will use my own (of which
		by the way there are many suggesting otherwise), not funded by agenda
		driven or tax funded political groups determining the outcome. I guess
		its only fair that I state I am not a psychologist, I do hold 2
		undergraduate degrees and a masters, however I have a sister with a
		PhD. in child psychology from William and Mary. (who wrote her
		dissertation on Nature vs Nurture.) Its a good read, you should look
		into it. Doesnt make a difference Im still able to research and reason
		better than most. I think its because Im more interested in truth than
		I am emotional bias, or personal agenda. Firstly when discussing
		something as important as this (the sake of the children) you really
		should try to take your obvious bias and uncontrollable desire to
		humiliate someone out of the picture. Furthermore posting a link to
		one article that cant be accessed for scrutiny and claiming all the
		others say the same thing is disingenuous at best. 1. No one gives you
		the right to have children, so your comment about single parents is
		null and void. As for adoption Despite the greater acceptance of
		single-parent adoption, the traditional view of parenting, that a
		child needs a mother and a father for healthy growth and development,
		still exists. ""Mental health experts say that the "ideal" is to place
		a child in a two-parent home with a mother and father who are
		compatible and loving."" Not my words theirs, but the conclusion is
		obvious. Im not against single parent adoption, simply because of the
		demand not because it would be as good, anyone can plainly see, for
		developmental and ideal child rearing Nature beats Nurture hands down,
		it always has and always will. The more you stray from the natural
		order of things (Nature), the more you decay society and ultimately
		aid it demise. Read some history on the fall of ancient civilizations,
		i.e.ROME, Constantinople etc. the similarities are un-ignorable. 2.
		Taking issue with 20 years of research conclusions that say there are
		no differences, two University of California sociologists recently re-
		examined data from 21 studies on gay parenting dating back to 1980.
		(wow 20 whole years and 21 studies and you find that conclusive?) One
		study even said that its data suggests that children in same-sex
		households are less susceptible to child abuse because when the study
		asked same-sex parents if they abused their children, they answered
		"no." Joseph Nicolosi offered the following comments: "This paper was
		authored by a professor of gender studies, so it is not surprisingly
		that the differences on which she focused have to do with a rejection
		of gender conformity. Indeed, what she found makes sense -- lesbian
		mothers tend to have a feminizing effect on their sons, and a
		masculinizing effect on their daughters. 3. Whats the difference? are
		you kidding me? Aside from the simple fact that several studies have
		now found serious flaws in methodology with the ones you are using,
		but they have also found boys are becoming more feminized, and are
		more likely to go have a homosexual experience (hmmm indoctrination, I
		could have guessed that from the start)
		http://www.narth.com/docs/does.html 4. An amicus brief filed by
		Professor’s Leon Kass and Harvey Mansfield. There is no scientific
		basis to make any conclusions about what gay marriage would do for
		children raised by gay parents or do for society at large, Kass and
		Mansfield argued. Professor Douglas W. Allen, who teaches economics at
		Simon Fraser University in British Columbia, Canada, came to a similar
		conclusion. In a paper published last year, Allen reviewed studies of
		gay parenting from 1995 to 2010. Most of these studies concluded that
		gay parents performed just as well, or better, than opposite-sex
		parents – a conclusion that was not warranted given the limitations of
		those studies, Allen found. Besides being based upon small, non-random
		samples, Allen found numerous other methodological problems. One
		problem, for instance, was that for many of the studies the well-being
		of the children was determined by asking the parents. Parents,
		obviously, are not an objective source. This may be even more true if
		the parents know that their answers will be used to answer whether
		their lifestyle choice is the best setting for the raising of their
		children. http://theperpetualview.wordpress.com/ 2013/04/03/ the-
		supreme-court-gay-parenting-and- science-part-1/ It seems there are
		only 3 or 4 actual studies being referenced by a multitude of journals
		including your Medscape article, isnt it interesting that all of the
		studies were not only by social sciences teachers (not psychologists)
		but none of them were long term, not even multiple years, most of the
		children arent even grown yet, so how could they possible no what
		affects there are coming. It took me all of 30 minutes to dig all this
		up, Im astonished at the number of fallacies and flawed statements
		from someone who begins with condemning someone for speculation, your
		closing statement isnt any better. The Bible is a mix of fact and
		fiction, of history and religion. As to history, some of the Old
		Testament has been shown to be historically correct by archeology.
		Writings and inscriptions in other cultures, and in the Holy Land,
		have confirmed events which are mentioned in the Bible. The testaments
		are first hand writings of the time Christ was alive, by the
		disciples, and have also been proven historically accurate. Now lets
		get to the good part The Constitution, which I have considerable
		knowledge of, and find your justification comment particularly
		humorous since all of your rights were endowed by the creator, kind of
		ridiculous for you to now claim political atheism using an amendment
		endowed by the creator. Not to mention the large majority of laws
		actually do come from the bible, and religion. As for your claim it
		violates the establishment clause or even the free exercise clause is
		absurd since it plainly states Congress shall make no law respecting
		an establishment of religion, which is immediately followed by the
		Free Exercise Clause, which states, "or prohibiting the free exercise
		thereof." So how does using the bible as a source of ethics and
		morality (which is what we've been doing since the old testament. And
		does nothing to establish a national religion,violate either of those?
		[Posted by necromancer at 2013-07-17T09:31:47+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	So your stance is that a child would rather be in an orphanage than
	with a gay couple who loved him or her?
	[Posted by DaddySays at 2009-11-06T11:45:09+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		My sentiments exactly.
		[Posted by Quocalimar at 2013-06-29T07:26:09+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Bro. Wtf man u sound like a retard who only thinks that the bible is
			the law. Welcome to modern society. We dont stone and crusify people
			for being gay or doing something like a small lie. So get some real
			facts that arent from an inbreeded fake doctor.
			[Posted by Chilldawg at 2015-06-04T03:40:05+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Without either a mom or a dad the child is mentally hurt This is
	complete bullocks. There is no evidence to support this notion.
	Studies have been down that show a child of a heterosexual couple is
	no better off than a child of a homosexual couple. Even if this were
	true, do you really think a child with no parents is better off than a
	child with two homosexual parents? Such arguments have been rendered
	moot, long ago. This is merely a rationalization for prejudice.
	[Posted by Bohemian at 2010-06-28T21:17:54+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Okay, I know SEVERAL children of same-sex parents and they turn out
		wacko. I'm sorry, I can't support this scientifically, but anyone else
		at my school will verify this. ` A child who grows up seeing same-sex
		marriage will learn that it is okay. He will even think that it is his
		decision, just as he may choose his shirt color. ` Society won't
		benefit. America will become even more decadent. I'm sorry.
		[Posted by nisar444 at 2012-04-23T16:33:52+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			Okay, I know SEVERAL children of same-sex parents and they turn out
			wacko. Define "whacko." On a side note, I know SEVERAL children of
			opposite-sex parents and they turn out wacko. I'm sorry, I can't
			support this scientifically REALLY? Who the fuck would have ever
			guessed that? but anyone else at my school will verify this. You know
			you have a great argument when your basis is the opinion of a
			selective group of misguided school children. Obviously they know
			better than centuries of scientific observation, experimentation, and
			discovery. A child who grows up seeing same-sex marriage will learn
			that it is okay. I agree. And that is a GREAT thing. What exactly is
			wrong about homosexuality? He will even think that it is his decision
			No. Homosexuality is NOT a choice. We have scientific evidence to
			support this....that is unless those school children say otherwise.
			Society won't benefit. America will become even more decadent. WTF?
			[Posted by Apollo at 2012-04-24T22:52:21+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I don't have gay couple friends with or without kids. But I do have a
			lot of heterosexual friends with kids and pretty much all of them have
			been crewed up by their parents one way or the other. I don't like how
			my own parents raised us, I would rather prefer have two loving moms
			or dads instead.
			[Posted by tatmit at 2012-05-17T03:05:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Why do you think you can control other people with an old dirty book?
	[Posted by SexyBanana at 2014-02-03T22:58:45+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	1st off, the bible is not hte government, the two should be separate,
	that is the point of the constitution, if you get rid of the
	consitution, you kill america in one fell swoop. 2nd, when i was
	younger, i knew a kid with lesbians for parents. he was fine, it didnt
	make him gay, it didnt make him anything other than normal. he was
	just like all the other kids in high school. something you seem to be
	missing, is that ALL relationships, especially those with children,
	have one person who take the feminen part and one who take the
	masculine part. the gender doesnt actually matter, unless you plan on
	showing your "parts" to your child, in which case, yes, they will end
	up messed up bc you have mentally scarred them.
	[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:26:34+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	What about single parents? its the same concept because the other
	wouldnt be around. So wouldnt it be better for them to have 2 parents
	of the same sex then only have the one?
	[Posted by soulena at 2012-06-28T06:42:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I'm not sure that growing up with religious nutjob republicans as
	parents is healthy for a child either, so this argument isn't valid.
	[Posted by Ratclatters at 2012-08-01T12:40:11+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	yeah i agree with him, but i don't have any tolerance for it. its
	supposed to be between a man and a woman. it is their sacred right
	given to them by God.
	[Posted by doublejumper at 2009-04-15T21:04:59+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		Can anybody against gay marriage make an intelligent comment without
		involving God in it? We are not required to believe in God in this
		country! If you start talking God, then my question will be -who's
		God? Yours? And how about mine? Who's God is right? Etc... This is the
		best about this country -God does not have legal rights here.
		[Posted by tatmit at 2012-05-17T03:00:28+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Religion is a large part of many of our country's laws. If you live
			in America and don't like it then move. If you don't live in America
			respect his/her opinions. Not just religion goes into it. I find
			watching two homosexuals making out like a normal couple in a public
			place disturbing and sick. I know many probably feel the same about
			straight people but that's just my opinion. Plus, I think it would
			really confuse children to see something like that. I'm against
			homosexuals and homosexual marriage but I believe such things are out
			of my hands and I shouldn't be violent or insulting with such things
			just because.
			[Posted by Idiot at 2012-05-27T16:27:07+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				Im glad someone else finally realized the majority of our laws did
				come from the Bible and religion. Furthermore Ive seen far to many
				here claim using things from the bible to make laws is
				unconstitutional, well gee guess what that 1st amendment and every
				other right you have was endowed by your creator. So you now want to
				use god given rights to claim political atheism Wow just Wow does
				anyone think anymore? Yes we live in a free society, and yes you have
				freedom of religion to believe or not your chpice, but freedom of
				religion doesnt mean freedom from religion, you dont have the right to
				tell everyone else they cant use religion for morals and ethics since
				thats where they originated and theres nothing, NOTHING in the
				Constitution claiming that it simply says Congress shall make no laws
				for the establishment of a national religion (cant pick one over the
				other period. The more people bastardize facts and truth the worse
				things are going to get. Stop being so selfish, you already have
				everything you need to live free, stop trying to make it unfree for
				others. Humility isnt thinking less of yourself, its thinking of
				yourself less.
				[Posted by necromancer at 2013-07-17T10:05:05+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			I can. I believe in Humans and Science. It is a genetic defect. Just
			like Myopia and mental retardation. But I'm not saying we should go
			murder all of the gays because they are genetic defects. Do you kill
			all of the people with glasses, because they are less genetically
			fortunate as you? No I hear Hitler calling. Also. the word Marriage
			means faithful union of a man and a woman. Nothing religious about it.
			It is a word.
			[Posted by Jason3648 at 2013-06-26T10:01:43+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Thats easy, it not only violates many other peoples Constitutional
			rights as well as mine, but there is no Constitutional right to
			marriage, and even if there was they would have the same right I do to
			marry someone of the opposite sex, what they are asking for is a
			special right and according to the 14th amendment is unconstitutional.
			If you really want to know this isnt about rights at all, its about
			indoctrination and forced funding by taxation, you might want to check
			into the number of lawsuits against business that chose to not service
			gay weddings.
			[Posted by necromancer at 2013-07-20T15:08:21+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		But if god created gays, why does he hate them? He must be a
		hypocrite.
		[Posted by mrcatsam at 2017-07-30T01:26:24+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I utterly and irrefutably agree with your view. My concern has always
	been the emotional, social, mental and particularly the psychological
	wellbeing of the child. For instance, one growing up with two fathers
	would merely destroy their sense of belonging. Consider the bullies
	out there, those who do discriminate on the basis of one’s sexuality.
	Although I’m against discrimination, I think it’s undoubtedly wrong to
	be married to someone of the same gender as you. It does in fact
	mentally hurt a child, to the extent where their perspective on life
	is altered as they age, wishing they had two heterosexual parents.
	They themselves would begin to ponder on whether ‘Gay marriage’ and
	‘Homosexuality’ is acceptable and serves as ‘normal’. It’s so sad to
	see that there is a significant rise in Gay marriages, somewhat
	indicating humankind has lost all respect for their true purpose and
	ultimately, for God. The Bible, a sacred text which all knowledge is
	derived from, acts as a source of teaching. This teaching encapsulates
	the wrongness of homosexuality and places emphasis on the fact that
	one will not be able to inherit the kingdom of God if they are
	homosexual. We all know this. Although one cannot rely on the Bible to
	teach them absolutely EVERYTHING about life as not all is contained,
	we must also have common sense and recognize that gay marriage is not
	natural. Despite the so-called ‘love’ that supposedly exists between
	the two so-called ‘lovers’ who are led to believe that one of them
	plays the role of a ‘girl’ whilst the other wears the pants, my point
	is: Gay marriage does not serve to fulfil the purpose of a real
	marriage which is PROCREATION. Adopting a child is far worse, bringing
	an innocent human-being into your life to illustrate and teach to them
	your own wrong-doings, consequently influencing them to view it as
	acceptable. Please man, where’s the brains.
	[Posted by mshaaya123 at 2012-07-31T08:04:48+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Is it worth refuting your post, being that it's more than four years
	old, you obviously don't post here much and your argument sinks to a
	pathetic low anyway? If anyone wishes to challenge me on it, I'll
	refute it, otherwise, I'd rather just leave this post here showing my
	absolute protest against this post.
	[Posted by riahlize at 2013-04-11T22:03:15+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Except that it's been proven that children of same sex partners have
	grown up happier and healthier. They are already predisposed to
	acceptance among other things. However, you are entitled to your own
	opinion, as am I and I don't think we should base our life's off of
	2000+ year old texts that during the time people believed the world is
	flat, the moon produces it's own light, and that illness was due to
	evil spirits.
	[Posted by Hadouken at 2013-07-17T16:54:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I haven't seen a single unbiased study that has shown that growing up
	in a family with a same sex couple negatively effects the child. If
	you have, please send me the link.
	[Posted by AlwaysRight at 2013-10-01T13:23:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I see what you're thinking, but it's wrong. First of all, gay
	marriage solves part of the world's overpopulation problem. Instead of
	birthing children, gay couples adopt kids without homes. As for the
	"mental damage," in most gay couples, one person takes up the motherly
	role, and the other, fatherly. The world evolved to prepare for
	homosexuality, so this fills in the cracks. Yes, it says homosexuality
	is wrong in the Bible, but of centuries the Bible has been modified by
	untrustworthy people with different opinions. Nobody actually knows
	what the original copy said. Besides, God and the Bible and Heaven and
	everything like have not actually been proven. They might not even
	exist.
	[Posted by lgirl9011 at 2014-08-01T04:01:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Being gay doesn't mean that they are the only people influencing the
	child's life. There might be aunts/uncles/grandparents of the opposite
	gender. Although the parents are the ones mostly raising the child,
	the child could also have another relative. That is totally based on
	individual families. I disagree with gay couples not being able to
	adopt because you can never know what the personalities are of the two
	individuals. They can still give the qualities of raising a healthy
	child.
	[Posted by n0kk0 at 2015-06-01T20:30:29+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Okay, I just have one question Mr. Republican08, how does a child
	whose mother dies, grow up do they grow up mentally hurt I guess so,
	even though my friend is very happy today, sure she will always miss
	her mother but she has a dad who loves her. My second dispute is that
	so many people have grown up in a household with two same sex parents
	and were not mentally hurt at all. Also what about parents who are
	divorced and the child lives with one parent yes they will be hurt
	about the divorce but they are perfectly fine probably,
	[Posted by thegaylib at 2015-12-02T23:56:03+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I would just like to say that I've grown up with my mom in one house
	with her husband, and my dad in another house with HIS husband. I
	would MUCH rather live with my dad and his husband, for they are
	better parents than my mom and stepdad. That's beside the point,
	though. What i'm actually saying is, how is growing up with two same
	sex parents going to mess up a child's mentality? I believe it messes
	with the child's mentality when he grows up with only ONE parent, or
	two divorced parents, making a child switch houses every week, as I
	do. I can honestly say that switching houses every week has hurt me
	more mentally than my gay dad ever has. As long as you are getting a
	proper raising, unlike you have, sir or ma'am, it really doesn't
	matter if your parental unit is gay, straight, bi, lesbian,
	transexual, transgender, or any other LGBT+ lifestyle. You are wrong.
	[Posted by jasminevines at 2018-04-11T16:11:18+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I think the major point that everyone is missing is that few people
would get married if it were not for the benefits attached to such a
union. If you remove the benefits, would anyone wish to get married?
Another point of issue, marriage is a religious icon. Why is the
government issuing benefits based on the edicts of established
religion? If people wish to get married or divorced, why does Uncle
Sam or any of the 50 states really care? So to summarize, Gay marriage
does hurt us. It hurts us by allowing the government to further
violate the constitution by respecting the beliefs of established
religion. I vote against Gay marriage and I vote against ANY form of
marriage where two people must register their union with the
government. Our forefathers fought against the stamp tax, yet 240
years later the constitution has been raped and the very laws we
fought against have been slowly yoked around our necks.
[Posted by ClownSoup at 2008-11-23T10:16:41+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	"few people would get married if it were not for the benefits
	attached to such a union." I seriously doubt this. People get married
	for religious, cultural, and personal reasons. I think tax benefits
	and what have you are just an afterthought for most people. "Gay
	marriage hurts us by allowing the government to further violate the
	constitution by respecting the beliefs of established religion." By
	this logic, all marriage hurts us.
	[Posted by jessald at 2008-11-24T14:24:36+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Agreed. I personally think state governments should not be able to
		grant marriages and should only be able to grant civil unions to
		everyone. Marriages are too religious. The next best alternative is to
		allow gay marriage. But I agree that marriage does violate the
		constitution especially if religious reasons are used to bar certain
		people from entering marriages.
		[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-04-28T02:50:01+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	It's not favoring religion if two atheists get married
	[Posted by E223 at 2008-12-31T22:17:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Well marriage is a religious ceremony. If two atheists get married it
		is still their belief. You cant have a non-religious marriage
		[Posted by Prometheus at 2009-04-15T21:51:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I beg to differ. You can go down to the court house to get married
			fairly cheaply and quickly. Marriage is only religious if you want it
			to be.
			[Posted by Bohemian at 2010-06-28T21:10:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Yes you can, atheism isn't a religion, it's the rejection of
			religion.
			[Posted by E223 at 2009-05-01T23:56:49+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				What I am trying to say is there should not be non-religous marriage.
				Atheists should not marry, if they are rejecting religion. If this was
				followed, THEN you couldn't have a non-religious marriage.
				[Posted by Prometheus at 2009-05-03T22:02:13+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			I am an aitheist and this is a DISbelieve in God. I am married but my
			marriage has nothing to do with religion. The purpose of my marriage
			is to declare to the state that I chose this person to partnet up with
			and we will claim all the tax benefits, health insurance benefits and
			everything else we can claim!
			[Posted by tatmit at 2012-05-17T02:52:28+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I did not marry for benefits. I married to share my life with my
	husband and make a family. A good marriage has quite a lot of
	sacrifice from both the husband and the wife. Pretty much most
	benefits (like being able to raise your own kids) have been screwed by
	this economy.
	[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-24T09:48:05+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I think the major point that everyone is missing is that few people
	would get married if it were not for the benefits attached to such a
	union. If you remove the benefits, would anyone wish to get married?
	Marriage began as a business arrangement to secure the merging of
	resources between two families (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/
	Marriage#European_marriages). It had no special religious
	significance. Many people today continue to have secular marriages.
	However, once the state started recognizing marriages, then things
	like tax breaks, parental rights, hospital visitation rights, judicial
	protections, etc became legal benefits. The church doesn't, has never,
	and will never give married couples these rights. To summarize, how
	does giving others rights take away your rights?
	[Posted by Cerin at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Agreed. Marriage has its roots as a business arrangement. If you do
		want to start talking about marriages in the context of religious
		texts, you will even see it was about joining families or trading
		women for goats. Women were property and men were allowed to have
		multiple concubines, mistresses, etc. So I'm not sure saying "it has
		religious roots" is the best angle. Furthermore, even if it did
		"because we always did it that way" is not a valid reason to take away
		rights. . see e.g., women's and civil rights movements
		[Posted by CML55 at 2012-04-25T03:25:33+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Another point of issue, marriage is a religious icon. It's possible
	to marry before the state only, in which case religion has nothing to
	do with religion anymore. It hurts us by allowing the government to
	further violate the constitution by respecting the beliefs of
	established religion. Not letting gay people marry is a violation to
	the 14th amendment. AMENDMENT XIV SECTION 1. All persons born or
	naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction
	thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein
	they reside. No state shall make or enforce any law which shall
	abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States;
	nor shall any state deprive any person of life, liberty, or property,
	without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its
	jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. If gay people cannot
	marry, they are deprived of a liberty that other citizens do have.
	Saying they cannot have this right is like saying they are not
	citizens, even though this Amendment clearly states "All persons born
	or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction
	thereof, are citizens of the United States".
	[Posted by TheAlleycat at 2012-05-01T13:49:41+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	im getting married soon myself, and it is not for the benefits, i
	actually havent even bothered to find out what they are. it is also
	not for religion, my religion doesnt require getting legally married.
	it is so that i have somthing to show the world about my life. also,
	It hurts us by allowing the government to further violate the
	constitution by respecting the beliefs of established religion. the
	point of the constitution was so that we would have to respect the
	beliefs of other religions, instead of persecuting them. plus, the
	religion that the law is based primarily on (christianity) is against
	it, so how is supporting gay marriage supporting a religion? while i
	do support your statement about people should not have to register
	with the government to get married, i do think that it is good,
	otherwise people would have more than one spouse and get hurt more due
	to that.
	[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:22:23+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	"I think the major point that everyone is missing is that few people
	would get married if it were not for the benefits attached to such a
	union. If you remove the benefits, would anyone wish to get married?"
	you list no benefits.
	[Posted by samhillbhs at 2009-08-24T22:50:21+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	"I think the major point that everyone is missing is that few people
	would get married if it were not for the benefits attached to such a
	union. If you remove the benefits, would anyone wish to get married?"
	Is LOVE not an acceptable answer?
	[Posted by Yakeyglee at 2009-01-22T16:54:19+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Love is not an acceptable answer because that opens the flood gates
		to everything else. Would you exclude a brother or sister who wanted
		to get married? What if a man wants more than 1 wife or a woman wants
		more than 1 husband? If the answer is no then why? You're rejecting
		them their right to marry. Homosexuals can't be the only exception.
		[Posted by 1redshirtxlg at 2010-10-10T16:11:40+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Easy. It hurts homophobes and their fragile world view. =)
[Posted by TyTheTiger at 2009-12-29T03:08:28+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

I believe that it hurts them because it's a sin . End of story. Now
if this is a government thing; prop 8 was about defining marraige ,
not preventing "gay marraige". The people voted. Get over it.
[Posted by JakeJ at 2009-10-21T21:18:00+00:00 - Side: it hurts them]

	How doe the Government of the United States define a "sin"? Where can
	I find it in our Constitution or may be other legislation. Just for
	your information, Bible is not our Constitution and should never be.
	[Posted by tatmit at 2012-05-17T03:11:15+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I wasn't referring to any sort of law or government. That is simply
		what I believe.
		[Posted by JakeJ at 2012-05-19T18:38:10+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Can you tell me sir how does one commit sin? Last time I checked sin
	was based on one breaking their connection with God. It's one of many
	theological principles behind the creation story. This being said how
	does a spouse simply commit a sin by marrying?
	[Posted by SmallWORD at 2012-03-25T22:04:50+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It doesn't hurt anyone except the right wing nuts because they are
delusional to believe that it offends God.
[Posted by PrayerFails at 2010-01-11T14:22:36+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

So I've been reading these points by all and I think we really need
to step back and take a "chill pill" :) Opposing gay marriage doesn't
mean we're "homophobic" or hate gays, so let's keep the ad homonym
attacks to a minimum. I am opposed to gay marriage for a couple of
very specific reasons, but I am in the theater business and of about
30 guys who are my close friends, 29 of them are probably gay, and I
love them like crazy! So again I want to say that, to use the debates
words (although I think they are a little inflammatory), gay marriage
does hurt everyone for the following reason: The prominent
justification for gay marriage is that it is a right and that denying
it will take away the rights of a minority, similar to the civil
rights movement. Using this justification, any religious group that
denies gays participation or clergy or marriage will be branded as
persecuting homosexuals. The scary thing is that there are some people
reading this right now and thinking "yes, that would be discrimination
and homophobia and should be stopped." I just read a quote: 'Chai
Feldblum, a Georgetown University law professor and gay activist who
helps draft federal legislation related to sexual orientation, says
that, when religious liberty conflicts with gay rights, “I’m having a
hard time coming up with any case in which religious liberty should
win.”' http://article.nationalreview.com/
?q=YTU5MjZmMDIyMDU3NjRiMjBlNjcxYTlmOGQ2 ODA5NjA= (an altogether
fetching article which says this entire thing much better than I have)
Gay marriage is an immediate threat to our freedoms AS IT IS CURRENTLY
being pursued. The owners of eharmony.com are REQUIRED to provide gay
matchmaking. They have no freedom to do otherwise. Doctors who provide
in vitro fertilization are REQUIRED to do it for lesbian couples, even
if this is against their beliefs. These doctors have lost their
freedom. Now gay marriage DOESN'T have to be this way. Pass legal laws
which respect the beliefs of others. As I said, i love my gay friends,
and I might be ok with some of them marrying (I say might because of
all of these people, I can think of only one couple that even pretends
to be serious about their relationship, and I think they are adorable!
The others shouldn't marry imo, whether they are gay or straight or
anything because they aren't serious, but that's just my opinion and
it's honestly none of my business :). So as i said, go ahead and pass
the laws, but don't take away the rights of others to believe that
homosexuality is wrong, because THAT is what is against the
constitution.
[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-11-29T10:48:41+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	"The owners of eharmony.com are REQUIRED to provide gay matchmaking.
	They have no freedom to do otherwise. Doctors who provide in vitro
	fertilization are REQUIRED to do it for lesbian couples, even if this
	is against their beliefs." These are separate issues. Whether or not
	eharmony should be required to provide service to homosexuals has
	little to do with whether homosexuals should be allowed to marry. Same
	with in vitro. The issue is not "Are gays entitled to do everything
	that straight people are?", the question is, "How does gay marriage
	hurt anyone?"
	[Posted by jessald at 2008-12-07T22:07:21+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		exactly, eharmony is required to provide matches to african-american
		people too, but, what if the owners dont want to? should they have
		that right? no! so why should they have the right to descriminate
		against anyone?
		[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:30:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Well, to be fair they aren't entitled to physically make children by
		themselves, but I digress. the question is, "How does gay marriage
		hurt anyone?" You haven't answered the question yourself, so why did
		you criticize this guy?
		[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-03-17T06:15:41+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	"Gay marriage is an immediate threat to our freedoms AS IT IS
	CURRENTLY being pursued. The owners of eharmony.com are REQUIRED to
	provide gay matchmaking. They have no freedom to do otherwise. Doctors
	who provide in vitro fertilization are REQUIRED to do it for lesbian
	couples, even if this is against their beliefs. These doctors have
	lost their freedom." This is no different than preventing business
	from refusing to serve certain ethnicities which I doubt you would
	call a threat to our freedom.
	[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-04-28T02:41:48+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	"So as i said, go ahead and pass the laws, but don't take away the
	rights of others to believe that homosexuality is wrong, because THAT
	is what is against the constitution." Hmm. Looks like we should reread
	the Constitution. And also understand what anti-discrimination laws
	do. They DO not require a person be less bigoted, but only require
	they not be guided by their prejudices to a point where they deny
	another human being of their equal rights under the law. CRA of 1964
	didn't stop anyone set on being a bigot from doing so. While it's
	quite easy to capitalize words like FREEDOM and think we are making a
	stunning point, we must remember that it is impossible for everyone
	everywhere to have the freedoms he or she would want. Rights and
	freedoms and privileges will always contradict. Thus, we all have to
	look around and agree as a society that we will value other human
	beings and chose not to deprive them of certain rights, especially in
	favor of our deleterious 'freedoms.' Remember that not of the 'rights'
	that we have in American (speech, etc.) are really natural, but the
	product of a country that was based on the ideals that all men were
	created equal, working towards the goal of a 'more perfect union' by
	canonizing laws that are in line with that humanitarian ideal.
	[Posted by CML55 at 2012-04-25T03:47:31+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Believes are not rights. Poeple can have rights to believe whatever
	they want but me not believing your believes does not take your rights
	to believe your believes. Do you get that? You can sill believe in
	your God, while I believe in another. This should not hurt you. It
	does not hurt me.
	[Posted by tatmit at 2012-05-17T03:17:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

While homosexual marriage may not physically hurt anyone, physical
injuries are not the only type of injuries that can be inflicted to a
person, to a family or to a nation. Our country was founded upon a
system of morals and religion. It was created in a way that it can
only exist in an uncorrupt manner if people lead good, moral lives.
Legalizing gay marriage makes homosexual activities seem ok to many
individuals, which will lead to an increase of homosexuality in
America. If homosexuality increases to the point that more people are
homosexual than not, our country's population will decline, since it
takes a man and a woman to procreate. Population decline, largely
caused by the fact that family size is declining, while it has not had
a great effect on the United States yet, has had highly negative
effects accross Europe. In a few years, some countries will not have
enough younger generation population to support the older generation.
It has already become so detrimental to Italy and other countries that
in some areas, people are being paid to have children.
[Posted by yourmom at 2009-02-26T19:28:43+00:00 - Side: hurt some]

	"If homosexuality increases to the point that more people are
	homosexual than not..." This is not going to happen. Homosexuality is
	not a choice. It is a trait that only a small minority is born with.
	[Posted by jessald at 2009-03-02T18:31:20+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		you arent born with homosexuality. there is no gay gene. it is all
		from influences from your peers and society. that statement was
		unfounded.
		[Posted by doublejumper at 2009-04-15T21:08:26+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			I like how you attack my unfounded statement by making an unfounded
			statement of your own. Anyway, I looked it up and it seems nature and
			nuture both play a role: "There is no consensus among scientists about
			the exact reasons that an individual develops a heterosexual,
			bisexual, gay, or lesbian orientation. Although much research has
			examined the possible genetic, hormonal, developmental, social, and
			cultural influences on sexual orientation, no findings have emerged
			that permit scientists to conclude that sexual orientation is
			determined by any particular factor or factors. Many think that nature
			and nurture both play complex roles; most people experience little or
			no sense of choice about their sexual orientation."
			http://www.apa.org/topics/ sorientation.html
			[Posted by jessald at 2009-04-16T15:49:22+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			so do people wake up one morning and deside, hey, im going to like
			people of blank gender! no, they do not. you start getting crushes and
			likeing people in pre-school, what could have already influenced them
			by then? they havent been exposed to sex or anything, they dont know
			what "gay" is, so how can they be influenced or choose?
			[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:33:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			You also don't become gay from "influences from your peers and
			society." There is at this point more evidence that supports
			biological and genetic reasons for a person being homosexual.
			(Identical twins are considerably more likely to have the same sexual
			orientation, sexual preference can be changed in rats, fruit flies,
			and other animals with simpler minds, a gay man's brain has
			characteristics that look more like a straight female"s, and so on and
			so on.) However, sexuality is one of the most complex psychological
			processes of humanity and thus there is not a conclusive answer on the
			whole nature vs. nurture argument. So basically your statement is
			"unfounded" as well.
			[Posted by jep93 at 2009-12-06T00:27:29+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			^so does that mean you aren't born being straight? Tell me why aren't
			you in a gay relationship.
			[Posted by SmallWORD at 2012-03-25T22:00:51+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Our country was not founded on YOUR set of morals and religious
	beliefs. We live in a pluralistic society in which many religious and
	non-religious practices co-exist. To enforce religious practices of a
	particular religion, would destroy any sense of NEUTRALITY the
	government may have regarding religion. You cannot ban something
	because it is against your religious beliefs because not everyone
	shares your religious beliefs. the fact that homosexual activities are
	already legal makes it seem like homosexual activities are okay.
	Marriage isn't even part of that equation. I don't think there is
	anything wrong with homosexuality and what people do in the privacy of
	their own homes shouldn't be any of your concern. Gay marriage is
	already legal in a lot of places and those places seem to be doing
	fine. Nor are we in any danger of running out of people, the United
	states is one of the most populated Countries (#3 I believe) in the
	world. We have some 300 million Americans with no shortage in sight.
	If only China and India had more gays then they wouldn't be so over-
	populated.
	[Posted by Bohemian at 2010-06-28T21:34:09+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	USA was not founded on the principles of religion. It was founded on
	the principles of freedom to believe or not to believe. This is why
	State is separate from religion. You are confused on this issue. It is
	probably what you would like, but definitely not what it was or is.
	[Posted by tatmit at 2012-05-17T03:19:59+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Imagine the emotional trauma of being raped. Now imagine the
emotional trauma of being raped by someone of the same sex. Gay
marriage makes homosexual activity more widely accepted. Also, anyone
who thinks homosexual activity never hurt anyone should read the story
of the destruction of Sodom and Gommorah.
[Posted by yourmom at 2009-02-26T19:31:58+00:00 - Side: hurt some]

	actually, if you have studied crime, you would know, that it is
	middle aged men who are not gay who ass-rape little boys. people who
	have been married to women and have their own kids and everything.
	[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:36:28+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	You think gay marriage will lead to an increase in gay rape? This is
	just silly. It sounds like you've got some issues with homophobia. As
	for Sodom and Gomorrah, the Bible is not a reliable source of
	historical information.
	[Posted by jessald at 2009-03-02T18:35:41+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		You can debate unreliable all you want but when the bible gives exact
		reference to the location and also the writing of the curse it carries
		that where it lies nothing shall live and even written in as the Dead
		Sea. It's a lot of pure coincidence for it to not have some validity.
		[Posted by jtopolnak at 2009-11-23T22:49:15+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Yes, because rapists care so much if what they are doing is accepted
	or not.
	[Posted by LeahBear at 2012-05-14T00:56:54+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

1. I have nothing against gays being in some sort of legal binding
(for the lack of better word I can't think of right now), but do not
call it a marriage. Even 50 years from today, it will not be accepted
in general although some will accept for the purpose of political
correctness. 2. Although many of you might say that it would never
happen, this will lead for other movements whose marital ideas would
disgust most of us: people marring animals, minors, bugs, extra-
terrestrials.........don't be surprised at all if such a movement is
strongly established in less than a decade. It is a simple "if he/she
can, why can't I?", it is my Constitutional right. Don't forget,
people always like to see how far they can take it plus it is a way to
differentiate yourself from the general public. It is only in human
nature to do so. There has to be some limit.
[Posted by gdelfman at 2009-10-21T20:08:51+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Except marriage is a legally binding contract. Animals, children, and
	inanimate objects cannot enter into legal contracts. So your second
	argument is invalid. It's another slippery slope fallacy.
	[Posted by Bohemian at 2010-06-28T21:21:13+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Are you serious? Are you trying to come out of some kind of closet
	right now? Marriage means nothing. I am against marriage personally, I
	dont think ANYONE should get married. It is just a way for the
	government to control you. I do not want to have to ask a judge if I
	can break up with my gf. I also believe that if someone chooses to do
	this, whether they are gay, straight, or wants to marry an extra-
	terrestrial (you do know that if aliens from another planet came here
	and looked simular to us, that you homo-phobes would not even blink at
	the prospect of them getting married to us as long as it was male to
	female?) then they have the CHOICE, that is what freedom is all about.
	[Posted by DaddySays at 2009-11-06T11:53:35+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Are you kidding me??? marriage is GOOD. it is wrong to just go around
		and give your heart away to tons of different women or men. God made
		it so we get married. Also, Homosexual act is also wrong. God says
		that marriage is supposed to be for a man and a woman NOT two men or
		two women. I will be praying for your heart to change.
		[Posted by nattymoon24 at 2009-11-06T12:16:04+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			Well I guess you are right. Because it is impossible to argue with an
			imaginary god's word. lol
			[Posted by DaddySays at 2009-11-07T12:40:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			So my question for you is: If god hates homosexuals, why did he
			create them on this earth? Why women if he hates them too?( I don't
			hate either god is weird)
			[Posted by mrcatsam at 2017-07-22T02:23:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			God isn't a valid reason. There is no evidence he exists. Marriage is
			just a societal construct, that people do for tradition, for
			recognition of their relationship, and for a few legal advantages. I
			am pretty certain marriage will die out one day, but it's not bad.
			Secondly, there is absolutely nothing wrong with homosexuality. It
			doesn't hurt anyone, and you should just mind your own business about
			other people's sexual orientation.
			[Posted by Polaris95 at 2017-10-16T15:41:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	2. There is a huge difference between supporting gay marriage and
	supporting man marrying an animal -animal has no voice and can't give
	a concent. A person should only be able to marry another being that
	can give a concent -that simple. Both sides must willingly agree to be
	married -impossible to achieve with animals. So this should help you
	feel more secur -this will never happen just because of that.
	[Posted by tatmit at 2012-05-17T03:09:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I think you missed the point. What I am trying to say is that humans,
		by nature, are always willing to take certain issues to see how far
		they can take, sometimes even if they truly do not believe it. To make
		things even worse, some will do it just to show that they are not
		considered out of today's norm. History teaches us that and history
		always repeats itself, unfortunately. The consent will have absolutely
		nothing to do with. I am more than secure with myself so you have to
		come up with another excuse.
		[Posted by gdelfman at 2012-06-02T16:21:04+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

It hurts when they want to teach kids in school that. I like that we
have a system and a fabric that rewards a man and women to marry.
People don't want it and thats why they have petitioned to remove it
from states that have made it law only on judicial reasons which is
unconstitutional.
[Posted by jtopolnak at 2009-11-06T19:05:00+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Give them civil union OK. My marriage to my wife is something
special, I like to know that the definition of marriage means husband
and wife which cannot be taken away. What then does marriage mean when
I say I'm married if it's not a man and women? It does hurt someone it
hurts the people who are married and believe that marriage is and
always will be defined as a man and women.
[Posted by jtopolnak at 2009-11-23T22:39:10+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	I'm glad you feel like your marriage to your wife is special.
	However, how would your marriage be any less special just because same
	sex couples can marry? Also, do you want another man to never feel
	that special feeling you have just because he loves another man? Your
	argument is that allowing gay marriage hurts all heterosexual married
	couples (which I disagree). But not allowing gay marriage hurts all
	homosexual couples to a greater extent than the prior.
	[Posted by Soccerunman at 2012-12-18T23:47:22+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I think Gay marriage does affect our society. Back in the day There
weren't gay people because it was unthinkable. Who Would like another
man/woman? But now more and more its being free and open. I saw
youtube video for a 14 year old kid. He said in his video "I think I
want to be gay" I don't know I don't want to be like everyone else.
He's right that its a personal choice but he took it so lightly.
Thanks to the media. What if this kid was your son? I'm not against
gay people at all. Just how it affects people that would have been
straight.
[Posted by erilopez1 at 2009-11-30T09:41:55+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	People can make their own choices, some people still say that about
	religion.
	[Posted by Elvira at 2012-12-26T16:04:03+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

i just dont see why they have to force there ways on everyone it
really is not normal to be gay i do respect gay people just not the
ones that force there beliefs down everyone elses throats.
[Posted by tomdog30 at 2010-01-24T18:41:01+00:00 - Side: why do they have to]

	Hypocrite !
	[Posted by Elvira at 2012-12-26T15:55:35+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
[Posted by kristianpeci at 2010-12-20T11:40:19+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	From mock the week I wish I had a gay dad You remember when you were
	a child and everyone was always saying "my dad's gonna beat your dad?"
	You could say "My dad's gonna do your dad, and your dad will like it!"
	[Posted by Elvira at 2012-12-26T15:58:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Giving benefits to gay partners will make being gay a more acceptable
alternative. It is acceptable to to be nice to people who are really
gay, while also trying to prevent it from becoming just another option
for people to experiment with. Is it acceptable to try to promote a
mother and a father as the preference, and is withholding all the same
benefits of marriage a valid way to try to show societies preference
for families with mothers and fathers? Obviously gay people have a
right to live how they want. You can't be mean to them. You can't
discriminate against them in any way as far as career, housing, etc...
but if the majority wants to show a preference... So people the belief
is that more people will be hurt by experimenting with their
sexuality, than if they would have just assumed they were straight.
Sure, if you KNOW you are gay, go for it, but let the rest of us sort
of ignore it.
[Posted by myclob at 2011-06-19T11:46:07+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Obama may have been right to do it, but Bush wasn't a really bad guy
for not having done it. It can't go too far, but if a society wants to
place a preference on heterosexuality, by giving less respect to
homosexual relationships, it can do it. It might hurt gay people's
feelings if they don't get the exact treatment as heterosexuals, but
that is sort of the point. Gays can still live how the want, but they
can't force the majority to like it, or accept them, and little laws
that don't grant full equality are not fundamental humal liberty
issues, we have to draw the line somewhere, and no one would want to
legalize bestiality or polygamy, and so we all draw the lines slightly
different locations, and it is not worth throwing a hissy fit over...
Sure you might be right, but its not that big of a deal. You can't
force other people's respect and approval, you already have
Massachusetts. Just relax.
[Posted by myclob at 2011-06-19T11:49:18+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

It hurts any children involved who would be deprived of either a
mother or a father. I would love to hear an argument that shows that
either mothers or fathers are unnecessary. Haven't heard one yet. . .
[Posted by EricM at 2011-06-30T16:16:08+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Please tell me sir do you treat your parents differently because of
	their sex? Last time I checked we treat everyone based on character.
	[Posted by SmallWORD at 2012-03-25T22:09:51+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Not saying that it "hurts everyone", but the institution of marriage
is in trouble as it is. It is not the fact of the marriage; it is the
fact of the message that is being sent to children. Many are being
exploited with this new attitude. A lot of problems can and do revolve
around emotional, social, and psychological well-being as a child is
developing their sexual identity. I think it's really confusing to be
taught that homosexuality is "normal". I also think other children's
peers are a factor that have not been considered enough. Children can
be very cruel to each other. Simply put, children learn what they see.
[Posted by Missspelled at 2011-06-30T19:01:52+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Homosexuality is legalized voyeurism, thus making homosexuals more
equal than others. Homosexuality is not an Identity, but more
resembles Dissociative Identity Disorder without the memory lost. Once
you have the ability to change your sexual orientation as has been
proven in our recent past (gays becoming straight and vicei versa)
it's a choice. If Africans had that choice during the time of slavery
Jim Crow laws would have been obsolete. The logical conclusion to
address the imbalance to our society would to institutionalize unisex
toilets. This would open the doorway for sexual deviants to molest
your children and womenfolk with their eyes once they don't touch. I
was once told that in a perfect world unisex toilets would be fine,
but our society isn’t. Nature, Nurture, Genes or Hormones, we were
given two (2) boxes, male and female and 99% of us have been equipped
to know where we belong. Thus we need to have the self-control and
discipline to stay in those boxes. If you need help to bridge the gap
between what you ought to do and what you are doing, welcome to the
human race. Iron is supposed to sharpen Iron. I will follow the debate
attentively for your objections.
[Posted by sharpiron at 2012-03-13T22:07:26+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

I would imagine a gay man penetrating another gay mans ass would be
painful and therefor this is why gay marriage hurts others. ROFLMAYO
[Posted by TinyPenis at 2012-03-19T20:56:02+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

I am not against homosexuals at all but I think marriage should be
reserved for man and woman. Many people I know agree they don't want
their children to see two homosexuals holding hands and making out in
the middle of the street so that their children think it is alright
and (if religious) God intended that. Unless the marriage is not at a
church and there's no religion involved I don't think it is right. I'm
okay with them just signing papers though. I believe it does hurt
people because as my first example said many straight parents don't
want their children thinking such a thing is natural and it also
strongly disturbs some people.
[Posted by Idiot at 2012-05-27T16:20:07+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

If God says it's wrong, then it is wrong. What's so hard to
understand?
[Posted by Breivikar at 2012-07-31T00:54:46+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	The LORD FROG say's it's wrong to type. Do you eat shrimp?
	[Posted by Elvira at 2012-12-26T15:59:32+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Claiming homosexuality was going to be my last resort if all other
ways to avoid marriage fail. If gays are allowed to marry then I'd
have to think of something else.
[Posted by Ratclatters at 2012-08-01T12:42:23+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Primarily doesn't hurt any one physically.Maybe emotionally towards
family members and friends. Also relatives that are religious will
conduct their views. It may hurt the children adopted by the same sex
couples as far as their understanding of a household family unit and
what is or should be a regular functioning unit. A unit that is
usually between man and woman. Especially life lessons that must be
taught to the child as far as reproduction,the original order of
nature,marriage,romantic love etc. As long as the child can be raised
properly it may not damage her or him to any extent. But precisely it
will not or literally cannot affect or hurt an outside party that is
completely irrelevant to same sex partners.
[Posted by smithjgwhs at 2012-12-02T20:06:28+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

By leading those they rule over to rebellion! "For this cause God
gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the
natural use into that which is against nature: And likewise also the
men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one
toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and
receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.
And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God
gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not
convenient; Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication,
wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate,
deceit, malignity; whisperers, Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful,
proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,
Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection,
implacable, unmerciful: Who knowing the judgment of God, that they
which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same,
but have pleasure in them that do them" (Rom. 1:26-32).
[Posted by justsayingso at 2012-12-26T14:53:59+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

IDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDK
IDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDK
IDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDK
IDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDKIDK IDK
[Posted by zhixiang at 2013-02-18T00:03:19+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

There is a manipulation it the way this question is asked. Of course,
if someone gets married, or buys a new car, or gets interviewed for a
job - this in itself cannot "hurt" anyone. However, the real question
here concerns the redefinition of the term "marriage", and the
relevant adjustment of state laws. And, in the way it is being done, I
think it hurts everyone in the US. Because it opens a bridgehead for
other, even more marginal law changes.
[Posted by BigOats at 2013-07-20T16:45:56+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Gay marriages hurt the highly social,orthodox priests and maulvis
,they don't approve of this sort of marriage;
[Posted by Amritangshu at 2015-04-11T09:01:45+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Everything has pros and cons. Sadly, this includes Homosexual
marriage.
[Posted by Kingly342 at 2015-12-03T00:11:09+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	And what are the cons?
	[Posted by GenericName at 2015-12-03T00:12:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Just coz I said everything has cons that doesn't mean I know what
		they are.
		[Posted by Kingly342 at 2015-12-03T00:14:31+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			But if you don't know what they are, how can you know they exist?
			[Posted by GenericName at 2015-12-03T00:22:25+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				Because everything has pros and cons. It's Stuff 101. Even this
				debate has pros and cons. This statement has pros and cons.
				[Posted by Kingly342 at 2015-12-03T00:24:38+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					You say "everything has pros and cons" as if it is self evident. I
					disagree. On what basis can you say that everything has pros and cons,
					especially when you yourself often don't know the pros or cons?
					[Posted by GenericName at 2015-12-03T00:31:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Before you answer or debate anything I say, respond to these
questions first. Without using any words like "but" Should everyone
have rites and freedom to live with allegiance to their own
conscience? Should parents have the rite and freedom to raise their
children according to morals and values without interference from
government and/or schools? If any law created breached these freedoms
and rites, would that law be unconstitutional? It is irresponsible for
Judges and law makers to pass a law, like Gay Marriage, without
considering potential difficulties and consequences to society in the
aftermath of the ruling and its total impact, the possible effects on
all the other groups, in every demographics, businesses, schools,
media content, children’s programing etc should be considered for the
general welfare of all. No law should ever pass that will cause
society as a whole to suffer, and conflict with a healthy balance of
morality and religion, and the natural behavior of most. Our religious
freedom can only protect us on an individual bases at best. There is
little, if any, action we can take to keep it separated from our us
and our children. By passing this, you all said, "parents have less
rights , and no rites to raise children according to their own values
and beliefs! States - New Religious Freedom Bill Gives Small Business
Owners Right To Annul Any Gay Marriage I'm pretty sure they already
had the rite to turn away gay marriage. Its all the heterosexuals in
that age group who will side, and the business gets to suffer
persecution for faith. As businesses particuarly wedding businesses
are put in harms way by this Supreme Court ruling. Example: If we
choose NOT to provide services for gay weddings, we may be taken to
court. We will incur cost, lost time, and aggravation. AND, our
businesses will most likely suffer damages by public opinion. Where
as, before this law was passed, we reserved to run our business
according to our own business model, and be true to ourselves, our
integrity, and our own moral consciences. And by providing great
service, treating our clients professionally, and delivering an
excellent product, we could reasonably expect business growth and
hopefully many referrals through word of mouth from happy customers.
All while upholding our own values that we live by, our “privately”
held positions had no need to be public, and were kept private unless
shared by choice. BUT now, this law will shame you! Your once
discretely held position is no longer a private matter, but instead
has become a highly publicized position because of a ruling, that will
inevitably damage your business! So then, whether you are signaled out
and locally publicized, or nationally publicized, or even if asked in
standard interview questions by couples who are comparing services,
all of these scenarios are equally damaging. Heterosexual couples
getting engaged, who were going to be your future clients through
referrals, and because you established an excellent reputation will
likely go elsewhere on a basis of personal moral values. And your
personal value shouldn’t be forced into public scrutiny. Our
businesses can suffer great damages, as future clients we depend on to
support our business and our families go elsewhere in their support of
gay marriage. So then was this law fair, and just, or Constitutional?
What choice did the Supreme Court give to us who do not want an EQUAL
presence of unnatural marriage with natural marriage? This is a crime
against citizens! This is the choice the Supreme Court left wedding
related business owners: Either - Lay down your religious freedom,
your rite to personal privately held values, your rite to compete on
merit of quality services, your own integrity of conscience, your
morals, your political views and opinions, Or - Let whatever public
scorning of your business just happen. our rites - we have every rite
to choose either of these scenarios. Does this sound like rites to
anyone? Is this what American religious freedom looks like? We should
be free to give undisturbed allegiance to our faith, personal
morality, and own conscience. And, without interference from
government through enforcing laws that cause conflict of our
allegiance to Law and Country AND allegiance to our own conscience.
Law should never rule in favor of 1 set of beliefs over the religious
beliefs of others. This is actually a breech of the establishment
clause! One group is made up of gays and their supporters, they have a
belief. They believe being Gay, or transgender or other unnatural
sexual preferences or identity is a naturally occurring choice, and
also may be caused by different arrangements of genes, hormones, brain
chemicals, and other physical properties. Many also believe it’s God
given. Being Gay is as much a belief of faith as Catholicism, or
Presbyterianism. It’s a belief set of faith regarding origin of sexual
preference, gender choice, AND above all it is a MORAL precept in
response to a belief! It is believed by faith, and it is a value based
morality and a community belief. It is a faith, since it is as much to
question and debate and as difficult to prove as God and creation! And
a community of faith is a Religion! Free to exercise yes of course but
law of all against others beliefs, NO! I don't want gays forced into a
closet, either. There is a balance. Anti gay marriage need to address
a balance, regardless of personal beliefs. Religion can save and
influence, but cant take control of society unfairly. And if we are
reasonable in allowing a law of exception for this small group, that
is the max measure, but not equal to marriage! And don’t allow law to
use the term marriage in the law but civil union is fine. Let them use
marriage as their own preference, but it shouldnt be called the same.
Not only should it No Way be a law making it Equal, it shouldnt even
be called marriage in the law, so there is no confusion that it is NOT
the same! This law is unfair to all but gays! The key is not equal to
marriage, by exception for benefits of life partnership like
inheritance, survivorship benefits, health benefits, tax laws, etc.
But absolutely NOT equality to Marriage. When society faced progress
and some moral loosening, it wasn’t all bad. Overly strict moral codes
are not the will of all, it may raise an eyebrow but shouldn’t turn
the stomach and sour pursed lips. When Elvis made old ladies gasp with
his shaking leg, and hip thrusts, even if shocking, it still was
palatable, it didn’t go against our natural inclinations, it was
exciting and relatable because it felt natural even if not moral. It
was compatible to the inner wild girl inside an 80 year old women.
BUT, Gay Expression and Gay Marriage, isn’t relatable, nor compatible,
its offensive to the core of most of our natures who are hetefosexual.
So they forced something on us that IS NOT compatible to society. Live
and let live, but it’s a private agreement with law, NOT a public
agreement! Its ONLY palatable to gays, and supporters. So why is it
forced into our entire culture? To the rest of society, people in
every demographic group, Sr Citizens, families, varieties of
religions, and even many secular people feel the insertion is an
unwanted intrusion against our natural inclination. Forcing an
unnatural lifestyle onto all other people who are living a natural
life style is wrong! 1 - Its Natural vs Un-Natural 2 - It is a Subject
of Morality 3 - Its Often a Matter of Religious Freedom of Others 4 -
It is Uncomfortable and Distateful to Most as a Whole I’m going to get
a little honest, Sorry - its Actually Disgusting to Many 5 - Its
Inappropriate to Age Groups Specifically Young Children and Sr
Citizens 6 - Its inappropriate to Families. I cant see how this law
could be unconstitutional 1 - its ruled in exclusive favor of 1
specific community, and 2 - it is a law that is a burden of moral
conflict for others and 3 - that law is not foundational of basic
natural laws, natural order, natural consequence and 4 – not
established for the health and common good of all in society in
general, or 5 – it will upset the balance of society and have a
negative impact on the daily practices and enjoyment of all in
general, or 5 – it does not offer reasonable protection and fairness
for all citizens equally, or 6 – it takes away reasonable protection
and fairness of any other group(s) of citizens, or 7- a law is
individually and collectively being experienced with even further
projections that are as an impediment to the pursuit of freedoms
[Posted by KNHav at 2016-04-22T23:13:02+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

I don't have anything against gay marriage personally. But, it can
hurt the child the couple might adopt, it can hurt the couples'
parents, etc. But, if marrying a member of the same sex makes you
happy, go ahead, I couldn't care less.
[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-03-17T06:06:00+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Bumsex hurts.
[Posted by WinstonC at 2018-03-17T13:59:21+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Gay Marriage hurts everyone in three ways. First: Marriage is a
longstanding likely-hood with legal past which is a precedent for the
creation of citizens by the natural process of birth without
immigration. It is licensed process which allows a common defense of
governing State and governing Nation to address the creation of new
Citizen as baby entering into a Country from an origin outside of
borders only represented by two people. Second: Gay marriage hurts the
public as it is plagiarizing a likely-hood of marriage and civil union
that is a witness account describing a sexual innuendo as conduct
which is not needed in part of the overall witness’s account of such
type private contract. As these issues of public likelihood require a
common defense to the general welfare Binivir and UnosMulier are not
are not sexual explicit witness accounts for children under age.
Third: The constitutional separation made by the likely-hood’s license
set a legal distance and boundary between medical use of donations in
the form human embryo, and sperm. As the licensing of medical practice
is now able to create a citizen like couples, at the expense of love
and the preservation of life which set forth a living being by
registration.
[Posted by John_C_1812 at 2018-07-13T18:19:51+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

It is such a shame that a grown capable man wants to take from women
and pretend to take the place of a woman. Women who are career mothers
who have a normal family with a Husband have a special, important role
in the taX system and in the family. Gays do not produce or bear
children. The woman's body is designed and specialized and made
designed and set up - specifically for the miracle of conception,
growth, development, and birth of making a little baby. -
REPRODUCTION. And the gay community ignores the fact that women's
bodies are set up and designed differently than a man's body. Women
have never worked the jobs of males and the Gay community knows this
fact. The Gay community still demands that they have the right to
marry the same seX and have the taX breaks and privileges of a Woman
and a marriage situation and the special role and rights of women.
There is a taX bracket set to pay women what they deserve for being a
woman in a marriage working on savings for a future family and getting
the benefit of taX breaks. A Gay man - who is a full grown man - with
the capability to work just like a straight man is stealing and
hijacking the rights and privileges and needs of the woman. By
demanding the same taX breaks of a woman. Does not the LGBT community
care about the importance of Family, mothers and women. ? I honestly
know that the LGBT community has hijacked the role of the MOTHER
around the world. ANY PERSON or any LGBT person who does not bear
children and have never put their bodies through the wear and tear and
deterioration and physical toll on the body that childbearing puts
upon a real mother. There is no comparison. A mother who has borne a
child with her own body and takes the responsibility to raise the
child and wants to be a housewife in a household - deserves the eXtra
benefits packages, and eXtra taX breaks and credits and the LGBT has
tried to literally hijacked the role of a real mother. The LGBT
already receives at least a yearly credit of up to $12,970 for every
single child adopted - No one is taking away their rights. In 2014 the
nonrefundable maximum tax credit (dollar limitation) per child is
$13,190. The credit begins to phase out when modified adjusted gross
income (MAGI) exceeds $197,880 and is eliminated when MAGI exceeds
$237,880. If someone adopts three siblings all at once they can
possibly be qualified for well over thirty thousand dollars in
refundable adoption tax credits. The LGBTs are not being oppressed.
But the governments know that the FAMILY is the what makes a country
success rate. And real mothers who are using their own bodies to
create children in a family with a stable mother and father. where the
Father works and they save and conserve money in society. This FAMILY
UNITY is the cheapest way to raise a family and creates a stable home
life at the same time. The LGBT community takes children that are
processed by the government and this is all paid by taxpayers. it is
billions of dollars each year and the LGBT people who adopt also get
welfare and food stamps. But they are not functioning as a normal
family who have a mother who has born birthed their own children and
takes care of them all of their lives. The money and cost difference
is not comparable - as is the stability of a Normal Mother and Father
NATURAL family unit. The LGBT community does not take the same role,
function and place of the family. They only hijack the idea of a
family when they { on average } do not bear their own children as a
self - made family unit type of economic structure. The Family is the
most stable, economical way to raise children. Adoption is needed and
statistics show that around 13 percent of the population of caring and
good LGBT people have adopted children. - But the LGBT situation is
not much different than a GOVERNMENT RUN Foster Care Situation, in
that it is highly taXpayer funded. And they are demanding that They
get to be paid and treated and seen as a natural family in the eyes of
religion and religious people. How is this the fault of the religious
Christians and Jews who only peacefully promote and believe in a
NATURAL family model ? The religion does not make decisions. The
religion only competes with and makes a challenge against The broken
homes, The single mothers and single fathers and the LGBT community
adoption situation. And the Religious Communities IDEAS, METHODS and
FAMILY STRUCTURE of a Mother and Father - is winning the competition
in the ideas of keeping cities, town and whole countries out of dept
and making America the best place on earth to live. And keeping the
best economy in the History of the Planet. This may be the battle that
some may wish to pit or wage or compare, by comparing and waging,
pitting and using the family against the Non-Family, in a battle of
ideas and money and competition. But the single mothers and single
fathers and the LGBT community trully faces a competition against the
family idea. And they are loosing in the economics, wealth and
capitalist free market system. This is called real choice..
[Posted by dashosphe at 2019-01-04T03:47:07+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

gay marriage may hurt some of the children because when a gay couple
get married they are unable to have a kid together so they adopt/
sperm donate one. When the kid is around these 2 gays the kid will not
know who to call mom or dad and it will cause the child confusion
because he will be excluded from some activities. So think about how
the kids are affected
[Posted by dbyassin at 2008-11-23T12:19:30+00:00 - Side: hurt some]

	Gay Parenting Does Affect Children Differently, Study Finds --
	Authors Believe Gay Parents Have "Some Advantages" Taking issue with
	20 years of research conclusions that say there are no differences,
	two University of California sociologists recently re-examined data
	from 21 studies on gay parenting dating back to 1980. The new study by
	two University of Southern California sociologists says children with
	lesbian or gay parents show more empathy for social diversity, are
	less confined by gender stereotypes, and are probably more likely to
	explore homosexual activity themselves. Writing in recent issue of the
	American Sociological Review, the authors say that the emotional
	health of the two sets of children is essentially the same. Leaders of
	national gay-affirming groups said they welcomed the article,
	according to an Associated Press story. "I'm thrilled that they're
	tackling these issues," said Aimee Gelnaw, executive director of the
	Family Pride Coalition, who is a lesbian parent raising two children
	with her partner. "Of course our kids are going to be different,"
	Gelnaw said. "They're growing up in a different social context."
	Openness to Gay Relationships Met With "Elation" Kate Kendall, head of
	the San Francisco-based National Center for Lesbian Rights, also is
	raising two children with her partner. "There's only one response to a
	study that children raised by lesbian and gay parents may be somewhat
	more likely to reject notions of rigid sexual orientation -- that
	response has to be elation," Kendall said. But Amy Desai, a policy
	analyst with the group Focus on the Family, said the new report is
	alarming in its suggestions that children of gay parents might be more
	open to homosexual activity. "Kids do best when they have a married
	mother and a married father," she said. A Home With No Dad is Better?
	The study's co-author, Judith Stacey, is a professor of contemporary
	gender studies. In addition to pointing out the gender differences in
	the two groups of children, she states that there are in fact some
	advantages to an all-female parental team without Dad living in the
	home: a female couple tends to be more involved in the children's
	lives and is in greater harmony in terms of parenting approaches.
	Among the findings cited by the authors: 1. Compared to the daughters
	of heterosexual mothers, the daughters of lesbians more frequently
	dress, play and behave in ways that do not conform to sex-typed
	cultural norms. They show greater interest in activities with both
	masculine and feminine qualities. They have higher aspirations to
	occupations that are not traditionally female. 2. In terms of
	aggression and play, sons of lesbians behave in less traditionally
	masculine ways. They are likely to be more nurturing and affectionate
	than their counterparts in heterosexual families. 3. One study
	examined by the researchers indicated that a significantly greater
	proportion of young adult children raised by lesbians had engaged in a
	same-sex relationship (six of 25 interviewed) than those raised by a
	heterosexual mother (none of 20 interviewed). 4. Those raised by
	lesbian mothers were also more likely to consider a homosexual
	relationship. 5. Teen-age and young adult girls raised by lesbian
	mothers appear to be more sexually adventurous and less chaste than
	girls raised by heterosexual mothers. Sons, on the other hand, were
	somewhat less sexually adventurous and more chaste than boys raised by
	heterosexuals. 6. The studies indicate that sexual orientation has no
	measurable effect on the quality of parent-child relationships or on
	the mental health of children. "These studies find no significant
	differences between children of lesbian and heterosexual mothers in
	anxiety, depression, self-esteem and numerous other measures of social
	and psychological adjustment," said the authors. NARTH"s Joseph
	Nicolosi offered the following comments: "This paper was authored by a
	professor of gender studies, so it is not surprisingly that the
	differences on which she focused have to do with a rejection of gender
	conformity. Indeed, what she found makes sense -- lesbian mothers tend
	to have a feminizing effect on their sons, and a masculinizing effect
	on their daughters. "But the question is, are these differences
	healthy? More research is needed to understand how a rejection of
	conventional gender roles can have not just a healthy and expansive,
	but also a constricting and negative effect on identity and
	psychological health. "And despite what many gender researchers claim,
	research tells us that the absence of a father in the home is not, on
	balance, good for families." Source:
	http://www.narth.com/docs/does.html National Association for Research
	&amp;n;theraphy of homosexuality
	[Posted by LadyinBlue at 2009-01-06T05:48:02+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	So because a homosexual family does not fit the traditional
	definition of family they shouldn't be allowed to have kids? Orphans
	who have no parents are better off than if they have two parents who
	happen to be of the same sex? Trust me when I say, no kids are hurt by
	having homosexual parents. I know first hand and many researchers have
	shown that two parents, regardless of gender, are better off then one
	or no parents. Also what activities are you talking about? A girl with
	two moms won't have a date for the father daughter dance? Is that the
	biggest complaint you have? If you think we should deny people rights
	because school functions may need to be redefined then I think you
	need to get your priorities straight.
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-23T13:18:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

If Man marry Man then what will happen to those Girls who are already
in large numbers. And child birth will be disturb that means you are
hurting your countary your economy...
[Posted by salmanwaheed at 2009-11-16T02:14:18+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Lesbians! Works both ways, y'know.
	[Posted by Elvira at 2012-12-26T16:02:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gay marriage hurts those forced into marrying two people of the same
sex despite their religion being specifically against the idea of
homosexuality in the first place. Gay marriage hurts those who are
being sued for not making gay couple wedding cakes despite their
religion being specifically against the idea of homosexuality in the
first place. In short, gay marriage hurts Christians.
[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-04-14T02:36:08+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Don't play the fucking victim. People like you are why gays commit
	suicide. You don't have the right to police my relationships. If you
	don't like gay marriage, don't marry a gay person. DUH!
	[Posted by KJVPrewrath at 2018-04-14T03:53:52+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I wasn't playing the victim, I was simply answering the question
		presented to me. I have nothing wrong with gay people, but I do have
		problems with people like you who ban people if they don't like what
		they're saying. I have the right to state my opinion. If you don't
		like it, that's that but you don't get to censor my response because I
		hurt your feelings, you absolute prick. No, gays commit suicide
		because they're depressed. Why are they depressed? I've no idea, maybe
		because their families don't accept them. I'm not policing your
		relationships, I'm saying you don't get to infringe on people's First
		Amendment rights, those being the right to freedom of speech and
		freedom of religion, among other things.
		[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-04-14T04:27:01+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			Uf I don't have the right to healthcare, you don't have the right to
			my debate, and if you contact me without an apology, there will be a
			problem. I don't permaban, but I am taking a break because your
			goddamnb POTUS just went to war with Syria against Russia's wishes,
			and I am phobic of war. This is not prolife that we should go to war,
			kill criminals, and starve the poor and needy to death. You want a
			goddamn debate, let's do it here. I thought all lives mattered.
			Murica.
			[Posted by KJVPrewrath at 2018-04-14T05:00:43+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				Uf I don't have the right to healthcare, you don't have the right to
				my debate That's incorrect. You don't get a basic right to healthcare,
				no one has given it to you. I have the right to your debate because
				it's technically public property, as well as the fact that I have the
				freedom of speech and can say what I want. if you contact me without
				an apology, there will be a problem Oh, really? Do consequences
				include you declaring me "your enemy" and having you block me? I'm
				shaking. but I am taking a break From what? From me? POTUS just went
				to war with Syria against Russia's wishes It's not our fault that
				Assad's leading a country that's supposedly launched a chemical
				attack. What would you have done, sat in the Oval Office twiddling
				your thumbs? This is not prolife that we should go to war You still
				can't seem to grasp the meaning of pro-life . Pro-life is a stance
				against abortion and possibly euthanasia. kill criminals Ah, no, not
				all criminals. Murderers and rapists. starve the poor and needy to
				death No one is starving the poor. As for the needy, are we supposed
				to throw the federal budget at those who can't financially support
				themselves? It's not the government's fault that they didn't pursue a
				career. They chose to be careless, and they have to live with the
				consequences. This isn't a game, we don't get to restart from a
				checkpoint if something goes wrong, which is where your head seems to
				be. I thought all lives mattered. Clearly, the lives of murder and
				rape victims don't matter to you or the perpetrator. And, why do
				murderers and rapists matter? They had a chance, and they lost it.
				What, are we meant to give them a free pass back into the good life?
				[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-04-14T06:12:57+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					I'm sending you a debate. I wont ban you.
					Shalom................................. ......................
					[Posted by KJVPrewrath at 2018-04-14T06:28:41+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					Ah, no, not all criminals. Murderers and rapists. I was raped twice.
					You don't speak for me.
					[Posted by KJVPrewrath at 2018-04-14T06:34:18+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						I was raped twice. Show me the court cases. You don't speak for me.
						What does that even mean? How is that relevant to the current
						discussion? No one said I spoke for you, but I don't much care what
						you want if it's to keep these subhumans alive.
						[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-04-14T06:41:20+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

							Show me the court cases. Rape culture is when you made that demand,
							and I don't have to.
							[Posted by KJVPrewrath at 2018-04-14T06:46:43+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

								Rape culture Rape culture doesn't exist. is when you made that demand
								No, it's not! Where did you get that from? Rape culture is defined as
								"a society or environment whose prevailing social attitudes have the
								effect of normalizing or trivializing sexual assault and abuse" and I
								haven't said one thing encouraging or normalizing sexual assault or
								abuse. I was simply stating that I wanted to see evidence of your
								possible false claim. I don't have to No, you don't. Then again, your
								point is lost if you can't prove that you were genuinely raped.
								[Posted by themadgadfly at 2018-04-14T07:00:09+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

1) man+man, woman+woman. . .marriage of equals. man+woman is not. 2)
why stop at gay marriage. What about bi marriage? man+woman+woman .
.might get a small percentage of Mormons to support this. 3) Where
will the line be drawn? AI? All the arguements used in favor of gay
marriage could be used to support the idea of android marriage. sure
we aren't there yet. .but again the line is where? 4) marriage is not
a right. it is tied up in regulations, but the act itself is not done
as a right, like voting. 4) it is not religious. religion has taken
over the ceremony, but it is not christian or jewish or phoenician . .
marriage predates recordable history. 5) war is peace, freedom is
slavery, ignorance is strength changing the meanings of important
words can hurt. and if the dialog on this is drowned out by extreme
rhetoric than everybody loses.
[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-23T17:25:04+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	In #2 you are confusing monogamy with polygamy (you call it "bi-
	marriage")
	[Posted by Loudacris at 2008-11-23T20:16:25+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		we are redefining marriage so it is presumptuous of you to assume
		that monogamy is the only way to live. it's my right as a bisexual to
		be able to be with both the people I love. now how can you argue with
		this? are you not placing the same meaningless societal boundaries on
		the bisexual that you claim others are on you? what justification do
		you have to not allow this? and remember no religion or stupid
		nonsense taboos. actually as a married woman the idea of an extra wife
		has always sounded okay.
		[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-23T20:37:35+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Slippery slope fallacy/ One does not lead to the other.
	;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; ;;;;;;;;;;
	[Posted by KJVPrewrath at 2018-04-14T03:57:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	1) Man+man is a marriage of equals. Ok. So what? 2) Marriage between
	a man and two women. That's a separate debate. 3) Marriage between a
	man and an android. That's a separate debate. 4) Marriage is not a
	right. Ok, but gay marriage still doesn't hurt anyone. 4) Marriage is
	not religious. Ok. So what? 5) Changing the meanings of important
	words can hurt. Ok. But changing the meaning of marriage to allow gays
	to marry doesn't hurt anyone.
	[Posted by jessald at 2008-11-24T14:18:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		1) because spousal abuse is already not taken seriously AND two men
		have vastly superior earning potential than a man and a woman. . .AND
		the protection of spousal support will also get clouded. 2) well for
		some of us this issue is separate. Marriage is one thing. . .man and
		woman. . .now anything else is SOMETHING ELSE. 3) as I said above. . .
		4) still not a 'right' so quit swinging it around like it is a right
		or a left. 5) so quit saying it is all about religion as the reason
		everyone is saying no. Maybe it is the 'so what's' that make people
		think that you really don't want this you just want to 'f' with us. 6)
		yes it does . . .as a child of divorce (total marriages for both
		parents 8) I could have either thought marriage bites or learned its
		importance and beauty. I have been married for over 22 yrs, to the
		same man. I admit what my parents did was not marriage.
		[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-25T05:46:35+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			1a) First, spousal abuse is taken very seriously. Second, how in the
			world would two dudes getting married cause people to take spousal
			abuse less seriously? There's no connection there. 1b) Two men have
			vastly superior earning potential. Ok. So what? 1c) "The protection of
			spousal support" What does this even mean? 2) "now anything else is
			SOMETHING ELSE" Um... you've got me there... lol 4) I'm swinging
			nothing, madam. Gay marriage is not a right. Regular marriage also is
			not a right. Does that mean regular marriage should be illegal? 5) But
			religion is the reason people are saying no to gay marriage. I see no
			other reason to oppose it. I will admit that I do take some pleasure
			in f'ing with you :) However, I also feel strongly that gays should be
			allowed to marry and I am honestly trying to persuade you that I am
			right. 6) Divorce and gay marriage are two separate issues. I agree
			that divorce hurts people. But I still don't see how gay marriage
			hurts anyone.
			[Posted by jessald at 2008-11-25T12:41:21+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It's one thing for gay couples to adopt their own lifestyle, but
they've moved far beyond that. Now they are demanding that the rest of
society change its traditions and institutions to suit them. This
isn't about insurance or inheritance benefits for gay couples (which I
have no problem with). It's about redefining an institution older than
civilization itself. If a two men or two women can marry, why not
three men or four women? Or fathers and daughters who happen to be
consenting adults?
[Posted by Rough63 at 2008-11-26T13:59:23+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	You make a point against gay marriage by claiming that it would
	inevitably lead to man-dog marriage or daughter-mother (gay AND
	incest) which is wrong. There is no logic behind this reasoning. The
	question is whether gay marriage should be allowed for the gays to
	benefit from exactly the reasons you claim you have no problem
	with(insurance and inheritance). The question is if a gay marriage
	hurts anyone in any way. Which you haven't addressed in the slightest.
	[Posted by Zahlanzi at 2009-01-13T09:42:53+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Let's stay on subject, okay? Saying that two people who love each
	other can't get married because it will open the door for other groups
	is a ridiculous argument. By that logic we should get rid of marriage
	altogether, this way none of that can happen. Just because an
	institution is old doesn't mean it shouldn't be changed. Actually, the
	fact that it is so old is even more of a reason for it to change. Our
	thinking has advanced since then and our institutions should reflect
	that . Homosexuals aren't asking anyone to change their way of
	life...they just want the same rights that everyone else has: the
	right to marry who they love. So allow me to repeat the question you
	failed to answer: How can gay marriage hurt any one?
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-26T16:56:31+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Well, you see gay couples getting married doesn't hurt anyone while
	the rest of your examples do. A father and daughter getting married,
	then the kids are usually deformed, and that is hurting their child.
	Three men or four women, is polygamy which is illegal, because some of
	those in the marriage could be hurt emotionally by it. Also this is
	your religious belief with the insitution older then civilisation
	itself stuff. Seperation of church and state should always be
	remembered.
	[Posted by Probama123 at 2008-12-04T21:03:02+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Nobody wants to redefine marriage. We just want to expand the
	definition slightly to be fair to homosexuals.
	[Posted by jessald at 2009-03-02T18:40:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	The argument you are making would have applied to interracial
	marriage when it was illegal, so acknowledge that you would have been
	against interracial marriage when it was illegal or admit your
	hypocrisy.
	[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-04-28T02:52:09+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	fathers and a daughters cant get married bc when you inbreed the
	children come out with missing chromosomes and cross eyes.
	[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:28:20+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	"why not three men and four women. Or fathers and daughters ..." Ah!
	See, now if you were true to Christian teachings, you would support
	that because clearly that is Biblical traditional families. Why do you
	question the morality of Moses? (He had sex with not one but both of
	his daughters.) Why do you question the entire human race from a
	Biblical perspective? (Noah; Adam &amp; Eve). I'm not asking anyone to
	"approve" my lifestyle. I'm demanding as a citizen to be treated
	equally, "which I have no problem with" because IT IS ABOUT
	inheritance and tax benefits. There is no federal recognition of a
	legal same sex marriage even in those states that allow it. Equal
	taxation is denied. No one is asking you to change your precious
	"traditions and institutions". Stop acting as if you are some poor put
	upon person because God forbid, some human being that you don't
	approve of is happy. Get a life. Let me ask you this. Do you revere
	your marriage so much that you have you marriage license framed and
	hanging in your living room, signed by everyone at your wedding? Do
	you keep that prominent and show it off to everyone as a testament to
	your commitment to another human being, whom you love greatly? Do you
	pass by it every day, smile, think deeply, and reaffirm that love? No?
	Well, I have two gay friends who do, and they've been together for
	about 20 years. How dare you suggest that you somehow get to have a
	say in their love and commitment for each other. Who the hell asked
	you? No one passed judgment on your love, why do you defy Jesus
	himself by judging others.
	[Posted by chg9389 at 2008-11-29T15:58:25+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

The only way it could possibly "hurt" anyone is if someone let
themselves be hurt by this upcoming acceptance of Gays into society.
We had the same issues with blacks integrading into society and women
getting voting rights. The only reason it could possibly hurt someone
is if they have a stubborn view on the world that makes them believe
gays are in the wrong and should not be allowed the same rights as
heterosexual people. "History must repeat itself because we pay such
little attention to it the first time." That is what is happening
right now.
[Posted by altarion at 2008-11-30T13:04:30+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

"So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he
him; male and female created he them." —Genesis 1:27 Our Lord, in His
answer to the Pharisees concerning divorce, refers to this passage in
Genesis and confirms its special application to marriage. "Have ye not
read," He said, ‘that he which made them at the beginning made them
male and female? and said, For this cause shall a man leave father and
mother, and shall cleave to his wife; and they twain shall be one
flesh? Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. What therefore
God hath joined together, let not man put asunder."' Marriage is
derived from the Lord, for male and female. It has its highest and
perfect form in Him, for in Him love and wisdom are one. So how can
gay marriage hurt any one? This is a very deep, complicated question
and answer. (And please know, anyone that believes they are gay out
there, I am not judging you. You are not horrible, and it is only my
responsibility to share the truth of God's word to those who may stray
from it or don't understand it.) It hurts God, don't you see? All sin
does. Whenever man decides what is actually right and moral for
himself, independent of God's wisdom, he always hurts himself because
he has disconnected himself from God's plan for his life. And if he
strays from God's plan, the course he takes can affect all of
humanity—like the domino effect. I take it for certain that the
physical satisfaction of homosexual desires is sin. However, this
leaves the homosexual person no worse off than any heterosexual person
who is, for whatever reason, prevented from marrying, or from
participating in sex outside the sanctity of marriage. Or any other
sin for that matter. People—primarily the homosexual community—say,
"Who are others to say who we should be able to love?" (or in this
case, marry) Let me ask you this: Have we not all loved our our same-
sex friends as much as we've loved the opposite sex? I have loved my
friends as much, sometimes more than a mate (after all, the opposite
sex is oh so confusing at times!) But the difference is we do not
desire to have sex with them. Aha—therein lies the heart of the
controversy over homosexuality, and homosexual "marriages." You see
the truth is, it's not about "love"—it is about sex, and who these
people desire to love, is who they desire to have sex with. I can
already hear everyone saying, "So what?! Of course people want to have
sex with whomever they love..." But no. Sex has been perverted and
removed from its original design. First we love, then we marry, then
we consummate our marriage (it is just the icing) and the marriage
(the love) is preserved through commitment before God. Again, I hear
folks saying "Well that's what homosexuals want to do!" First, we must
understand that love begins with God. So many people misread and
misuse Scripture and quote Jesus as saying, in regard to what the
highest commandments are, "... to love thy neighbor as thyself..." for
their arguments. But note that Jesus says, "commandmentS"—plural.
Immediately proceeding "love thy neighbor as thyself" He says the
first and greatest commandment is "You shall love thy Lord your God
with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind."
[Following is the second greatest commandment] "Love thy neighbor as
thyself." So if homosexuals reject God's teachings on love and
marriage and sex, how then can they use the argument that 'they just
want to be able to love whomever they want' ? —They actually want to
have sex with whomever they want, otherwise they would just remain the
best of friends, you see? That is not the same. And then, they want to
take it a step further, and sanctify it in holy marriage. This is re-
writing the Bible to suit their own desires which is strictly
forbidden. People may love whomever they want. They just can't have
sex with whomever they want. Well, actually they CAN—there is free
will. Some say they were born this way. I say that in some cases this
is actually true. In many cases it is a choice. But let's say they
were born that way. There are alcoholics and depressed persons and
naturally promiscuous persons and all kinds of burdens passed on in
birth—this is what's called "our cross to bare"... Sometimes we have
to make the choice to sacrifice an urge or desire to sin and in turn
use this struggle for the good of all. Or we can succumb to it and let
the consequences fall where they may. But I'd say 98% of our
population has some sort of dilemma to struggle with. Like all other
tribulations, it must be offered to God for His guidance on how best
to use it. And the American government has made separation of church
and state very clear. They must, therefore, be consistent. The
government has no right to redefine marriage in its holy context. If
they stepped in and redefined marriage, a whole bunch of other
decisions they've made concerning separation of church and state
(removing the flag from classrooms, the commandments from courthouses,
etc.) would then have to be reversed. They can't have it both ways,
and they know this. Peace.
[Posted by Messenger at 2009-02-04T03:03:07+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	There are 2 shot and simple points to be made. Firstly, is that there
	is no need to run a country based on religion, this happened in Saudi
	Arabia and look at the crime, injustice and autocracy there, quite
	simply we should run a nation based on what the majority deem to be
	acceptable, in the case of my country, the UK, gay marriage is
	acceptable, murder and rape are not. Secondly, people do NOT choose to
	be gay, scientific evidence shows that people are born GAY, would you
	not allow a person with dyslexia or downs syndrome to marry? They are
	born different to us. To sum up, anyone who feels that it is wrong is
	being over religious and fundamentalist, we cannot let a 2000 year old
	book with no known author govern the freedoms we have. A simple
	referendum will fix things.
	[Posted by Shivscape at 2009-02-25T11:29:10+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		To respond to your first point: Your argument actually proves God's
		point where Jesus says there is "only way to come to the Father, and
		that is through the person of Jesus Christ"—not Mohammed, and that
		those in positions of power and authority will be judged more harshly,
		so that may be what's going on over there? That's not saying that
		there aren't peaceful and loving Muslims—it's saying that a nation is
		being ran via Islam by it's governing powers, which, according to
		Scripture, brings ruin upon itself by dismissing the person and
		holiness of Jesus and teaching their entire people to dismiss it as
		well. I personally believe that a nation of authentic believers in
		Christ running the country would be just and free of crime, pain,
		suffering, etcetera—oh wait, that would be Heaven. But sin is in the
		world and a country based on Christ's truth and faith and peace (not
		religion?) isn't going to happen here on earth. So we do the best we
		can with a democracy that guarantees protection of religion. Your
		second point: I know for a fact that some people DO choose to "be gay"
		as one of my friends is newly gay, but didn't used to be, but after
		one too many hurts by the opposite sex and a desperate need to be
		cared for decided to give the other side a try. (And it should be
		noted that we hear each other's views on the subject with respect and
		agree to disagree but are still good friends.) There's also the
		perfect illustration of choosing in bisexuals, who can't seem to
		"choose" which sex they prefer. It is a choice in the end, even if
		it's an inclination one is born with, as I said in my original
		argument. I don't even begin to know how you came to compare gay
		marriage to allowing someone with dyslexia to marry? Re-read my
		original argument about the necessity of marriage being male/female.
		Marriage is a holy union between a man and a woman—it is not a civil
		union (although many treat it as such)—and that is why so many people
		have a problem with legalizing gay marriage. It would erode the
		foundation and meaning of marriage according to God, which is sacred
		to believers. You don't want to believe in God—hey, that's between you
		and Him and every human being has that free choice—no one is forcing
		or condemning anyone. All that believers are doing is defending their
		faith-based, holy sacraments so that others can't redefine them when
		they don't even believe in them. I mean there really is a
		contradiction there, right? Christians don't marry for financial
		reasons (at least they're not supposed to) or things like that—it is
		to pledge the marriage to God, to request His blessing. Let me ask you
		something: What's wrong with homosexuality being a choice? I mean, if
		homosexuals are confident and proud of their sexual preference, why
		the need to say that the trait is inborn? Why all the shame?
		"Fundamentalism" is defined as a strong adherence to any set of
		beliefs in the face of criticism and unpopularity. I am by no means a
		perfect Christian, but I am trying to be an authentic Christian and
		not a casual one, so I guess if that makes me a fundamentalist, then I
		guess I am? But be careful about labeling when you so clearly and
		"fundamentally" adhere to your own beliefs. Diversity goes both ways
		my friend. ;) Oh, and Prop 8, was voted down by a democracy, not by
		religion—the majority deemed it not to be acceptable, to use your own
		words.
		[Posted by Messenger at 2009-02-27T03:36:50+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			Wow so much ignorance and hypocrisy to address. "I personally believe
			that a nation of authentic believers in Christ running the country
			would be just and free of crime, pain, suffering, etcetera" Please
			observe the middle ages. That is probably an ideal time for
			Christians. Gays were killed. No science. Blasphemers were killed.
			Almost everyone was Christian. But I would hardly call it a time free
			of crime, pain, and suffering. No one cares what you say your friends
			said that he thinks. There are so many possible errors in that
			statement it is mind boggling. A) Your friend doesn't know why he is
			gay and is trying to come up with a reason B) Your friend lied to you
			C) You lied to us. Being homosexual is not a choice. Regardless of the
			fact that it has been proven not to be as you are clearly ignoring
			that, why would anyone choose a lifestyle in which they experience
			intolerance just to sin and piss of god? You guys really need to learn
			logic. Marriage by the government is not a holy union. In a church it
			is. And that is what you guys fail to realize. No one is arguing that
			marriages in churches should be between same-sex couples, you guys can
			do whatever your magic book tells you. However, according to the
			establishment clause of the United States Constitution, we cannot base
			our government off of religion. If we base marriage off of religion,
			how do we choose which one, maybe my religion says nobody can get
			married? Even if everyone in the country in Christian, which
			thankfully they aren't, we still cannot use the bible as justification
			for public policy, it is not legal. You can mince words all you want,
			but Christianity is a religion and atheism is not. And proposition 8
			was passed by a campaign of fear mongering and large influence by the
			Church of Jesus Christ and Latter Day Saints. That's totally
			irrelevant, however, because it doesn't matter how many people vote
			for something if it is unconstitutional. You don't seem to be very
			knowledgeable about the constitution so let me help you. Our system is
			not set up by majority rules. It is set up by majority rules with
			minority rights. The minority rights is not an afterthought it is at
			least as important. The framers of the constitution specifically set
			up the government to avoid the kind of religious and tyrannical
			persecution they experienced in England.
			[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-05-03T02:31:26+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			first off stop making argument's that make you dizzey if you try to
			read it. Second "I know for a fact that some people DO choose to "be
			gay" as one of my friends is newly gay" ok you both are wrong ok you
			are wrong for acting like you KNOW exacly what happens and the same to
			the other guy now i THINK that it can go either way just like you can
			be born with aids and you can get them ( i wasn't implying anything
			but i was stating a fact) and you can be born with knowledeg and you
			can get it. so there!
			[Posted by Abbott at 2011-02-04T21:57:16+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Levicticus 18:22 Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind;
it is abomination.
[Posted by republican at 2009-07-20T21:04:18+00:00 - Side: bible]

	The debate is specifically about gay MARRIAGE not gay sex, and
	whether or not it hurts anyone. Gay sex is already legal.
	[Posted by Bohemian at 2010-06-28T21:39:57+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Are you aware that mankind includes men and women? Since when have we
	treated one of sexes differently?
	[Posted by SmallWORD at 2012-03-25T22:12:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

The idea that human affairs of importance can be simply based on
emotional subjective feelings is the rock on which it
founders.Humanity has advanced according to the understanding he has
of the laws which govern everything around us ,from the turning of the
planets, the cells in our bodies, the plants on the earth.We have
learned to understood and use the laws of flight, of engineering etc
to bring about advancements in our society.Everything is underpinned
by laws and although many people quote the bible they would be better
to quote the laws of god as seen in science.When we seriously break
these laws we descend.Most of us 'sin by breaking laws which allow us
to live and exist and evolve in the universe .At this time the
decisions we make will decide if we survive or not as a society into
the future .There are narcissistic and sometomes deliberately malign
people who hate that they cannot control these laws in a personal way
and they are determined to undermine that which they cannot control.
Marriage or the recognition of the law of energy creativity inherent
in the polar opposites of male female is neccessary as a force of good
energy and must be encouraged .If we passed laws according to what
people'felt' and not what is creative and good we would be back in the
cave .Since there is no benefit to society one has to ask why 'they'
want to get married,perhaps to undermine what they 'hate'.After all if
it is simply a social recognition a personal party etc is their free
choice. If we go this route with them socety will unwind and that is
the main purpose[ concious in most cases].
[Posted by truthfinder at 2008-11-23T15:04:21+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Stop trying to sound smart because you come off looking like an
	idiot. Homosexuality is genetic, and therefore evolved. Look at
	animals, many species of mammals reptiles and fish have members that
	are homosexual. How can something be going against nature if it can be
	found so prevalently in nature?
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		"Homosexuality is genetic, and therefore evolved." Without looking
		into this in more detail, my knowledge of evolution is telling me that
		this isn't right. Homosexuality in humans is generally exclusive. How
		does exclusive homosexuality become an inherited trait subject to
		evolution if it is not passed on to a new generation? It may have
		evolved to a point (as non-exclusive homosexuality is visible in
		nature), but would have been instantly wiped out as soon as human
		intellect and emotion took over leading to exclusive homosexuality. I
		believe homosexuality is a hormonal inbalance, but certainly can't see
		it as an evolved trait. "How can something be going against nature if
		it can be found so prevalently in nature?" Homosexuality in nature is
		not exclusive, so would provide no detremental effect to a species if
		homosexuality was practised only when no "straight" sex is possible.
		In this instance an evolved homosexual trait may exist, though I'm far
		more comfortable with the idea of hormonal inbalances as with humans.
		I may be wrong though. As I say, this just seemed wrong on my current
		knowledge of evolution. I'll have to seek out some evidence either way
		before commiting to the "hormonal inbalance" view of homosexuality
		over an evolved trait.
		[Posted by xaeon at 2009-01-22T17:07:48+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			The trait could be passed on if it only manifests in a small percent
			of the organisms carrying the trait. If there's a gene that randomly
			causes homosexuality in 10% of it's carriers, and it turns out that
			homosexuality is a benefit to the population as a whole, then
			evolution applies. Like the video says, looking at evolution on an
			individual scale is like looking at one pixel on your monitor. You
			have to look at the whole thing to get the full picture. An occasional
			hormonal imbalance leading to homosexuality could be seen as an
			evolved trait.
			[Posted by jessald at 2009-01-22T18:05:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				"If there's a gene that randomly causes homosexuality in 10% of it's
				carriers, and it turns out that homosexuality is a benefit to the
				population as a whole, then evolution applies." I believe the "what's
				good for the group" model of evolution has been firmly discredited,
				and is a common misunderstanding of evolutionary behaviour. Firstly,
				let me address the concept of a gene. What constitues a gene is very
				subjective, so it is better for us to talk of "units of evolution" so
				we don't confuse ourselves with thinking about genes as a single
				entity that controls a single operation. Now, in order for
				homosexuality to be genetic rather than a simple hormone disbalance,
				we would have to show that there is a significant grouping of genes
				into a single homosexual unit of evolution, and that this unit of
				evolution strives to save itself through purely altruistic methods.
				Now, the general idea of "what is good for the group" seems at first
				to be a possible intepretation of evolution in a larger scale.
				However, the correct interpretation is what is good for the unit of
				evolution. Altruistic behaviour appears to be of no benefit to an
				individual, but obviously the trait to do something altruistic would
				find it very hard to saturate a gene pool; therefore there is
				absolutely no benefit in saving another over you. If, however, we
				think purely at the level of the unit of evolution, then we see that
				apparently unhelpful behaviours (such as an animal informing other
				animals of an approaching predetor, whilst also making itself more
				visible to said predator) can saturate a gene pool if the gene is
				geared up for saving itself. This means realistically that there are
				two ways for a unit to saturate the gene pool for a certain unit
				space; it benefits the individual carrying it, or it causes the
				individual to benefit other individuals who are most likely carrying
				the same unit of evolution. As homosexuality lends to a lack of saving
				"itself" (as it wont be passed on), it can only realistically become
				an evolved trait if it causes altruistic behavior that causes other
				carriers to be more likely to survive. I know about evolution and I
				understand all these concepts. The point I'm making is that
				homosexuality doesn't appear to lend itself to any altruistic
				behaviour that would benefit people carrying the homosexual unit of
				evolution. Infact, recognition of other homosexual people in order to
				better select those to benefit would mean that the other person is
				also homosexual and therefore less likely to pass on their gene. The
				main point being made is thus: Altruistic behaviour by a unit of
				evolution that hunders itself towards units of evolution that also
				actually hinder their own reproductive potential would be extremely
				unlikely to saturate the gene pool.
				[Posted by xaeon at 2009-01-22T18:52:02+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			I am no biologist so my credibility only extends as far as my
			source's credibility. In this case my source is the video I linked to
			which is made by a biology student. I have found all of his videos
			very informative and factually accurate and therefore find no reason
			to doubt him. If you want to check out his page here it is.
			http://www.youtube.com/user/DonExodus2 Most of his videos are about
			evolution and debunking creationist arguments.
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2009-01-22T18:25:12+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			i agree, this cannot be "evolved" though, i do think it is genetic
			(will talk about this next). cant be evolved because- according to
			darwin, we (animals) evolve so that we can survive and have stronger
			offspring. gays cant have kids, therefor, why would they have
			"evolved" into being gay? is genetic - see my previous arguements
			[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:41:17+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				I can't talk in depth as I'm at work, but suffice to say that is an
				extremely simple interpretation of evolution. Check out genetic drift
				. My argument is slightly different. I was actually trying to say that
				there isn't a "gay gene." My intepretation of it is that there is a
				gene that controls hormone balance during pregnancy, which can
				sometimes become faulty and cause homosexuality. It is the fault of an
				evolved gene, but not a gene exclusively causing homosexuality. Hope
				that clears it up.
				[Posted by xaeon at 2009-05-29T09:48:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

					from what i understand what happens is during pregnancy a boy baby is
					considered an alien object and so the body fights it, making it more
					feminen (i dont remember the source but that was what they said) and
					that after more kids your body gets better at it and so younger
					siblings are more likely to be gay?
					[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T10:48:21+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						That's not really accurate, no. Your body doesn't fight against the
						production of a male featus. Around the 7 to 12 weeks period, the male
						featus is exposed to testosterone, which aids in the development of
						male features and typical male brain development. If this testosterone
						exposure is in any way hindered, it will cause the male baby to be
						more feminine. I can't claim to know any reasons why younger siblings
						are more likely to be gay, unfortunately.
						[Posted by xaeon at 2009-05-29T14:13:30+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		1st. . .the question is not is being gay good, bad or indifferent? It
		is about gay marriage. For the record I have not one issue with the
		type, sex, number or racial, religious background of peoples bed, shed
		or head partners. Consenting adults can consent to anything. So unless
		someone says "ew your gay!?" stick to the subject please and quit
		reading even more into the topic than you already are. . . Sure let's
		use the analogy of the animal kingdom. Sure gay relationships abound.
		. .but how about a gay mated pair? And even so as animals is this
		going to function for them as a regular mated pair?
		[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-23T20:10:17+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			What are you talking about? I was responding to the fact that
			truthfinder said gay marriage went against "laws of god as seen in
			science." I never stated my opinion as to whether homosexuality was
			good, bad or neither, either. I was disputing his ideas. Laws should
			be based on rationality. But how does gay marriage harm anyone?
			Truthfinder's answer was nonsensical; almost as nonsensical as your
			questions are. And even so as animals is this going to function for
			them as a regular mated pair? I can't even respond to that because it
			makes no sense! From now on, reread what you type and think "what the
			fuck am I talking about" before you press the submit button. Okay?
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-23T20:25:17+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				your proof was there are gay animals. so my response would be how
				many of them that have mated pairs, are gay mated pairs? If there are
				would this help or deter their survival? if you could answer this then
				you would have an analogy that would both answer the topic and your
				other opponent. chillax
				[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-23T21:25:25+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					Did you watch the video? Gay animals help the survival of their
					siblings. And to answer your question, yes, there are gay mated pairs.
					So, yes, I did answer both my opponent and the topic.
					[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-23T21:42:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		WE DONT HAVE THE SAME GENES AS FISH, WERE NOT FISH AND WE DONT
		RESEMBLE FISH. SO what if a fish grows up homosexual, doesn't mean a
		child will.
		[Posted by JustinWillis at 2009-02-13T18:43:54+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			I'm pretty sure you didn't understand my point, so allow me to
			explain myself. Homosexuality is found throughout nature, in numerous
			species. Therefore, calling homosexuality unnatural would be
			misleading (at the very least). You are correct that we do not have
			the same genes as fish. But as I said earlier, homosexuality is
			prevalent in nature, and therefore must be genetic in all of the
			species I named (including many mammals, and some primates). Therefore
			if humans were not born homosexual, then this would make our species
			an exception. None of this matters however, because we have studied
			humans, and homosexuality is not a choice. It has to do with a
			combination of genetics, and hormone levels in the womb.
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2009-02-13T20:58:03+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

http://jenniferandrew6.newsvine.com/ _news/2008/11/26/ 2151090-women-
harassed-in-incredible- india-female-genocide-persistent-ogling-
heckling-by-indian-men-gender-murder-10- million-baby-girls-killed-
before-after- birth until this stops. . .then yes gay marriage can
hurt. Marriage protects women. Women are more at risk in this world. .
.and the fact there there are places in the world where the hate is
against ones gender. . .that a woman can never be free, or even viewed
as human. And before you all come back and say "different issue" it is
more topical then dragging references to interracial marriage into the
debate. And for the record I never heard people say interracial
marriage would hurt marriage. . .what I heard was the idea of the
children suffering as reasons against it. . . and now that we have a
mixed race president they were proved wrong.
[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-26T09:16:27+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	in case you havent noticed... .&gt; there are gay women too, i think
	they are called lesbians . coughcough so, yeah, 1) marriage does NOT
	protect women. it gives men more control over them 2) women can marry
	other women too if gay marriage is allowed so there wont be a shortage
	of men or what ever you are thinking will keep the women from getting
	married. 3) people did say interracial marriage would hurt ppl, thats
	why black ppl werent even allowed to look at white women with out
	getting hung. you know, why back when black ppl were getting their
	rights? well, same thing, different ppl. wich means 4) interracial
	marriage is very relevant. 5) if you are worried men hurt women, then
	why not let men marry men and women marry women? then the men will
	leave the women alone. DUH
	[Posted by simoriah at 2009-05-29T08:47:29+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		1. As far as I know marriage isn't for women to be whipped around and
		be told to make sandwiches, it is to spend the rest of your life with
		the one person (unless you're mormon) you love the most and to be
		officially united. 2. I agree. 3. I hate when people bring nationality
		and color into this. Sally Sue didn't choose to be white and she can't
		stop it without harming herself either. Todd James didn't choose to be
		black either. You people say "we can't choose who we love" but I
		disagree a bit. I don't think we were supposed to be falling in love
		with the same sex and if we do feel that attraction it is easy to stop
		it. This applies with any genders. We are born man or woman (minus a
		few genetic mutations), not both. There are two genders solely for the
		reason of reproduction, which is what intercourse was intended for.
		Not for enjoyment. 4. Again, why would you bring the amount of melanin
		in our skin (as our color is only an adaption of our surroundings)
		into a discussion about homosexuality? 5. Not all men are some raging
		savages and if a woman is stupid enough to marry a man like that then
		she may deserve that relationship. That isn't an excuse to "try
		something new" and fornicate with Mary Anne down the street.
		[Posted by Idiot at 2012-05-27T16:37:26+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Wow, you're really grasping at straws here aren't you? Because women
	are mistreated and female infants are killed in India, we should ban
	gay marriage? Is this what you're saying? Because, if it is, you're
	fucking stupid. The issue in India has to do with gender inequality.
	Gay marriage would actually help the situation for two reasons: 1)
	More homosexual couples would mean more children would be adopted.
	This means that less female infants would be killed and could but
	instead could be put up for adoption. 2) It would make genders more
	equal. If a woman can marry a woman and start a family without a man
	then this empowers women. It means that they don't need men. Honestly
	I'm pretty sure that I'm not understanding you. Is this a joke?
	Because I can think of no other reason why you would bring up a
	completely irrelevant article and say homosexual marriage would
	exacerbate the problem. Hell, this didn't even happen in America! That
	doesn't make it any less of an atrocity, but it does make your entire
	argument irrelevant.
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-26T17:06:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I believe I am allowed my opinion. Human right to have ones own
		opinion. . not like marriage. I believe the question is harm or no
		harm. Not grasping at straws. . .women inequality is always been one
		of my stands. there will be no homosexual couples in a world dominated
		by the women haters. if you think I am narrow minded and stupid. .
		.HA! calling me stupid is the quickest way to get me to your side.
		Good job! you are so smart I am awed.
		[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-26T17:19:59+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			So you're just saying that homosexual marriage will never come to
			fruition if acts like those occurring in India continue? Does that
			mean it hurts people? I still don't understand the argument you were
			trying to make. "there will be no homosexual couples in a world
			dominated by the women haters" I'm not sure I understand how this goes
			to prove your point. It seems like you are saying homosexuals and
			women are in the same boat on this one and progress will need to be
			made for both. If this is what you're saying then I agree with you. If
			you are instead saying we shouldn't achieve equality for homosexuals
			until women are treated as equals around the world, then I would have
			to disagree. Why should homosexuals suffer as well just because women
			are treated badly in third world nations. I am not trying to convince
			you, I am trying to tear down your ridiculous arguments. If I thought
			you were a reasonable person I might try to persuade you, but clearly
			you're not...so what's the point?
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-26T17:28:33+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				your debate skills are only eclipsed by the depth of your
				understanding. bravo. you win. woohoo. name calling, classy.
				[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-26T18:18:19+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					So you're the one who possesses all the understanding, you just can't
					articulate your thoughts... Riiiiiiight
					[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-26T19:58:52+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						articulated my butt off. . . and I did not bring in name calling.
						none so blind as those who will not C I am bored now.
						[Posted by redawn at 2008-11-26T21:27:25+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Gay marriage by itself probably doesn't. Gay marriage as it is being
lobbied for takes away the First amendment rights of many americans.
States which have passed these laws immediately begin teaching
children that it is "ok" and even "good" to be gay. Some people just
don't believe this, and they have that right! You have a right to
believe the sky is purple and you have a right to teach that to your
children! You have a right to teach your children that black people
are evil and gays are going to hell. Are you a stupid bigot? YES! but
you do have that right! I have no problem with gay marriage, I do have
a problem with the invasion of people's rights to believe that gay
union is wrong. I also do not believe that marriage is a
constitutional right, so gay marriage would have to be approved by a
majority of voters in order to be obtained (and not in a courtroom!).
If all of this happens, great! Just don't take away the rights of
those who are religious to believe gay union is wrong.
[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-11-27T13:14:03+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	So let me get this straight. As long as a majority of people oppose
	someone else's right to something they themselves enjoy, that wronged
	person has to wait until the majority get with the program, and then
	and only then, does he get to enjoy what everyone else is enjoying?
	Huh? The religious right can and do believe anything they want, no
	matter how stupid and obnoxious and irrational it is. They can and do
	teach their kids whatever nonsense they care to. My right to equal
	protection under the law - my right to enjoy the same tax breaks,
	visitation rights, and property inheritance rights everyone else has -
	does not in any way interfere with that. How do you conceivably
	justify this denial of my rights under the same constitution and under
	the same tax code, with whatever minor challenge to someone's
	religious beliefs there could possibly be? This is like denying rights
	to African Americans or Hispanics because the KKK has issues with it.
	That wouldn't stand for a second. Why am I any different? No one is
	challenging any one's right to their beliefs here. But as a taxpaying
	American, I most certainly DO demand the same rights as you enjoy.
	Let's be perfectly straight here: no one is asking a church to perform
	a same sex wedding. Most people who are gay wouldn't step foot in a
	church to begin with because there is so much hate there. As Ghandi
	said, "I like your Christ. I do not like your Christians. They are so
	much unlike him." There are plenty of Christian churches that love and
	accept us that no one would ever bother for one moment thinking about
	going into one of the palaces of hate that so many churches have
	become. So how in heaven's name does that interfere with your
	religion? My own Episcopalian church couldn't possibly be a more warm
	and inviting place for gay and lesbian people. I love it there. It has
	allowed me to grow and thrive as a Christian. The old Baptist church I
	was raised in was a spiritual killing field. What kind of idiot would
	go back there for any reason?
	[Posted by chg9389 at 2008-11-29T15:48:15+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

i'm a christian and our doctrines says that gay marriage is not
permissible
[Posted by kyrious at 2008-11-27T23:17:14+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	I'm also a Christian, and my church teaches that most certainly is.
	Don't you dare impose your bigotry as some great universal "Christian"
	teaching, because it IS NOT.
	[Posted by chg9389 at 2008-11-29T16:01:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	So how does this hurt people? I have a religion that says being
	Christian is an abomination, does that mean I can outlaw Christianity?
	The Bible says a lot of crazy shit. You can't touch pigskin with your
	bare hands, you can't work on sunday etc... But my favorite is the one
	that says you're allowed to beat your slave to death so long as it
	takes longer then a day...
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Hello - andsoccer16 . My name is reX. And if this is You in the video
		presentation - then I know that You are very smart. YOU LOOK VERY
		INTELLIGENT. and You look like a very smart man. I want to ask You to
		please consider what I am going to tell You and to just think about
		it. I want to tell You - that the Trinitarian Translators were very
		very dishonest when they translated from the Hebrew and Greek
		manuscripts. And You are exactly right - The Trinitarian deceivers
		indeed do make it sound like that in the Bible in - ( Exo 21: verses
		20 - 21 ) " SOMEONE is allowed to beat their slave to death so long as
		it takes longer than a day. " But this is horribly mistranslated.
		Please read the original manuscripts for eXactly what they say - from
		the original Hebrew - instead of placing all of Your trust in their
		message into the hands of the perverted Trinitarian Beasts -who are a
		bunch of liars, deceivers, and manipulators. Please - just read the
		real manuscripts - here below - and afterward, I will show You the
		clear and simple explanation .. HERE IS WHAT IT REALLY SAYS. REMEMBER
		= The verses You are referring to are verses 20 and 21..... Exo 21:18
		And if men strive together, and one smite another with a stone, or
		with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed:  :19  If he rises
		again, and walk abroad upon his staff, then shall he that smote him be
		quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall cause him
		to be thoroughly healed.   : 20 because a man who kills himself a
		servant or himself a maid of the tribe who dies under his hand is to
		receive vengeance /punishment. :21 truly set in that very day - or the
		day of not avenging the vengeance, for their cost / price / money. And
		here is the word for word translation of each and every single word as
		layed out in the ORIGINAL MANUSCRIPTS. in perfect order. And this is
		the way the Hebrew Language is written.... This begins directly at
		verse 20 --- because H3588 - a man H376 - killing H5221 - himself H853
		- servant H5650 - or H176 - himself H853 - maid H519 - of tribe H7626
		- is dead H4191 - under H8478 - his hand H3027 - avenging H5358 -
		avenging H5358 - trully H389 - set H5975 - that day H3117 - or H176 -
		that day H3117 - not H3808 - avenging H5358 - avenging H5358 - for
		H3588 - their H1931 - price / cost / money H3701  The two verses 20
		and 21 are simply saying that the KILLER can be responsible for
		killing a servant or a maid and they can be also responsible to pay
		the penalty - reimbursement to the boss or whoever has hired the
		servant or maid And the payment is due in the very day that the
		punishment the killer receives and can be due also at another day that
		the punishment is given to the killer. In other words, the killer
		cannot get out of the payment that He owed to a boss or someone who
		has hired a servant - and that after the day that he receives
		punishment - he is still responsible to pay the price for killing
		someone's servant. He is to pay and reimburse the owner of a business
		who has hired someone - because the bosses and business owners would
		run their business by hiring people and relied on their work - and
		workers / servants were paying off family and tribal debts by
		performing work. And when someone kills a worker - they are taking
		money from the owner and the family that the worker is planning to
		work for to pay off a tremendous debt - this was the way that things
		were in the working class society in this day.....
		[Posted by dashosphe at 2019-01-05T05:16:01+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Two rebuttals here i'd like to offer: 1) research about homosexual
couples being better parents or that homosexuality is genetic. I'm
sorry, but neither of these things are proven facts, and there is a
lot of controversial research on both sides of the aisle. I think both
sides should be able to agree here that neither side has been proven.
I know, I know, you can show me 100 studies that say the above is
true, but guess what, I can show you 100 studies that say the opposite
and then we just get into the "who's study is better" thing, and it's
just a waste of time. Many things can be conclusively proven. These
are not yet in that category for either side. Besides, for all the
"studies show" comments above, no one has cited a single one. I find
the funniest thing about such studies is that everyone has heard of
them and is sure something has been shown conclusively, but no one is
quite sure when or where. 2) the adoption thing is really irrelevant I
think. In this country there aren't hordes of orphans wishing for
parents to adopt them. This is a myth taken from the situation some
time ago. Walk into an adoption clinic, things have really changed.
It's not easy to adopt. Now outside of this country things are very
different I know, but I still don't think gay marriage is going to
significantly impact this. Feel free to disagree with me here, I just
really think this is a seperate topic. Oh, and if you disagree, I
think you will see that studies show I'm right ;) (I'm kidding in case
you didn't catch that) :)
[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-11-29T11:03:43+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

Yes, unfortunately that is democracy. The constitution gives us
certain basic rights. If we want more we can pass laws to make more by
majority vote or through our elected representatives. If those rights
violate the constitutional ones, the courts can overturn them. If this
happens the people can amend the constitution to pass the law anyway.
The constitution didn't give anyone the right to marry. People have
passed laws allowing marriage between a man and a woman. These laws
apply equally to all, so equal protection isn't violated (I'm sorry,
you have just as much a right to marry a member of the opposite sex as
anyone else). If you don't like it, you vote to change the laws.
That's democracy. It's not perfect, but it's the best thing out there!
Oh, and it's not the same as civil rights, and if I was black I would
be horribly offended by such a comparison. They were fighting for
basic human rights which had been denied them. They were being killed,
and denied work opportunities and the right to vote. Homosexual's
aren't being denied anything (that isn't already denied to everyone
else in the country). They just aren't getting what they want.
[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-11-30T09:26:34+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Are you trying to rebut a particular argument? If so, you should pick
	one and click the "oppose" link there at the bottom of the argument.
	[Posted by jessald at 2008-12-07T22:27:33+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

I don't know that I'd argue that it hurts everyone per se, but I
definitely think there's something to be said for the argument that
homosexuality hurts homosexuals. See, most of the opposition to
homosexuality on the part of religious people isn't bred of hate, it's
bred of love and concern that A) the homosexual lifestyle is
inherently sinful according to the Bible and B) that there are certain
health concerns, such as AIDS, which in the U.S.--despite gay-rights
activists proclaiming, "it's not just a gay disease!"--is mostly
spread through male-male sex or women who have sex with a man who also
has sex with men. And also needle-sharing.
[Posted by asimovman at 2008-12-07T18:06:11+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	A) Separation of church and state. B) Condoms have made the AIDS
	argument moot.
	[Posted by jessald at 2008-12-07T22:18:04+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		In case you haven't heard, condoms aren't 100% effective. Also they
		dont prevent against STI's and STD's
		[Posted by JustinWillis at 2009-02-13T18:42:06+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			No, condoms aren't 100% effective, but they do drastically reduce the
			risk of many STDs, including HIV.
			[Posted by jessald at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			oh we're sorry... 99.95%. There, does that make it better?
			[Posted by januscomplex at 2009-04-04T14:19:51+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I am just curious as to if ou know what A)
		means???????????????????????
		[Posted by Tugman at 2009-03-25T22:20:52+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			Separation of church and state - idea that the government and
			religion should be separate, and not interfere in each other's
			affairs. In the United States, this idea is based on the First
			Amendment to the US Constitution, which states that the government
			cannot make any laws to establish a state religion or prohibit the
			free exercise of religion. ( source ) Banning gay marriage because the
			Bible says it's wrong is tantamount to establishing Christianity as a
			state religion.
			[Posted by jessald at 2009-03-27T02:27:16+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	If your username is a reference to Isaac Asimov, I'll have you know
	you are exactly the kind of person he disliked. A) Well shopping at
	walmart may be inherently sinful according to someones religion. What
	is your point? B) It is mostly spread through unprotected sex. Just
	because more heterosexual couples use protection to avoid pregnancy
	and therefore have a lower incidence rate of aids, does not mean it is
	a gay disease. Gay or straight sex is not the issue, it is whether or
	not you use condoms. And speaking of your beloved bible, although you
	may not be Catholic, the pope's recent statement that condoms do not
	work and make the aids epidemic worse is going to directly cause the
	deaths of thousands of people.
	[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-04-28T02:47:33+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Yes, gay marriege hurts everyone. Because the government is giving
consent to homosexuality. Because most of our children go to puclic
schools they are taught to trust Ceaser. They grow up thinking that
the government is on their side and all policemen are nice and then
they get jobs and taxes are cut from their check and they go "what?".
But the point is that most Parents don't want their kids going to the
mall and see mr and mr Smith. Its traumatic for a child to see two men
or two women kissing. But when the government that hey've been told to
blindly trust and pledge their alleagience to (bleh!!) sends teh
message that this kind of behavior is normal then it creates a rift
between the parents' raising of their child and the governments
message.
[Posted by JefferyHunt at 2008-12-11T00:41:07+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	"Its traumatic for a child to see two men or two women kissing." No
	it isn't.
	[Posted by jessald at 2008-12-16T22:58:44+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		In turn it helps the child become more aware of homosexuals and will
		(hopefully) lead to a new generation of acceptance of homosexuality
		which without would lead to another generation of prejudice which we
		don't need.
		[Posted by JackLister at 2011-02-20T12:51:41+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

it would upset me
[Posted by kmjnhh123 at 2009-01-09T07:48:27+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

of course it does
[Posted by kmjnhh123 at 2009-01-12T06:10:18+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	very eloquent. why does it hurt you? 2 gay men are getting the same
	benefits a married couple would get, and the same benefits they would
	get if each of them would be married to a woman respectively
	[Posted by Zahlanzi at 2009-01-13T09:37:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

Gay marriage hurts everyone. The phrase "gay marriage" is an attack
on language, and hurts everyone, as all people use language. The
phrase "gay marriage" is itself an attack on the traditional meaning
of the word "marriage". The lack of a clear and agreed definition of a
word makes it impossible for people to have a reasonable debate on the
subject pertaining to that word. Indeed by confusing the meaning of
the word "marriage", it makes it impossible for people to rationally
discuss it. A new word or phrase should be chosen so as not to do harm
to the existing meaning of words, while at the same time recognizing
the essential characteristics of what is to be described by the word
or phrase. The new practice of what may be called a "homosexual union"
is new, because it carries with it recognition under the law, which is
unprecedented. But separate from whatever legal definitions may be
ascribed to it, the failure to adequately name the practice does harm
to the established language and its meaning. In particular, the
practice of calling this "gay marriage" does harm both to the word
"gay", and to the word "marriage", both of which have established
meanings in language, and are widely used. Indeed the word "marriage"
has no synonym which can be used in its place, unlike the word "gay"
which can be replaced in usage by the word "happy"; So the destruction
or redefinition of the word "marriage" is hurtful to the language in a
way that can not be easily mended. It is precisely the confusion over
the definition of the words which has caused so much apparent
disagreement which could have been avoided with adequate clarity and
agreement over the definitions of the words which they are arguing
over. In conclusion, the phrase "gay marriage" hurts users of language
by confusing the established meaning of words, making rational
discussion impossible. The phrase "gay marriage" is describing
something new in that it claims legal status. Therefore, one should
pick another set of words that do not harm the established meaning of
words in use. In particular, the word "marriage" has an established
meaning, and cannot be easily replaced. The phrase should instead be
"homosexual union" or some other phrase that recognizes the nature of
the relationship, while at the same time not doing harm to the long
established meaning of the word "marriage". Finally, by unequivocating
the meaning of the words used, much unnecessary disagreement and
wasted debate could be avoided.
[Posted by nonostrum at 2009-06-09T22:02:04+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Would you have said this in 1967 prior to Loving v. Virginia?
	"Interracial marriage hurts everyone. The phrase "interracial
	marriage" is an attack on language, and hurts everyone, as all people
	use language. The phrase "interracial marriage" is itself an attack on
	the traditional meaning of the word "marriage". The lack of a clear
	and agreed definition of a word makes it impossible for people to have
	a reasonable debate on the subject pertaining to that word. Indeed by
	confusing the meaning of the word "marriage", it makes it impossible
	for people to rationally discuss it. A new word or phrase should be
	chosen so as not to do harm to the existing meaning of words, while at
	the same time recognizing the essential characteristics of what is to
	be described by the word or phrase. The new practice of what may be
	called a "heteroracial union" is new, because it carries with it
	recognition under the law, which is unprecedented. But separate from
	whatever legal definitions may be ascribed to it, the failure to
	adequately name the practice does harm to the established language and
	its meaning. In particular, the practice of calling this "interracial
	marriage" does harm both to the word "interracial", and to the word
	"marriage", both of which have established meanings in language, and
	are widely used. Indeed the word "marriage" has no synonym which can
	be used in its place, unlike the word "interracial" which can be
	replaced in usage by the word "miscegenation"; So the destruction or
	redefinition of the word "marriage" is hurtful to the language in a
	way that can not be easily mended. It is precisely the confusion over
	the definition of the words which has caused so much apparent
	disagreement which could have been avoided with adequate clarity and
	agreement over the definitions of the words which they are arguing
	over. In conclusion, the phrase "interracial marriage" hurts users of
	language by confusing the established meaning of words, making
	rational discussion impossible. The phrase "interracial marriage" is
	describing something new in that it claims legal status. Therefore,
	one should pick another set of words that do not harm the established
	meaning of words in use. In particular, the word "marriage" has an
	established meaning, and cannot be easily replaced. The phrase should
	instead be "heteroracial union" or some other phrase that recognizes
	the nature of the relationship, while at the same time not doing harm
	to the long established meaning of the word "marriage". Finally, by
	unequivocating the meaning of the words used, much unnecessary
	disagreement and wasted debate could be avoided." There is a
	difference between harm and progress.
	[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-06-09T22:51:28+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Nice try at a cut and past job, but your argument does not hold water
		as the analogy between interracial marriage and homosexual unions does
		not carry over. As I stated in my previous argument the practice of
		legal recognition of aspects of homosexual unions is new and
		unprecedented. Indeed it is unprecedented everywhere in the history of
		the world. This is quite unlike interracial marriage which has been
		practiced in many times in many places throughout history, and in most
		cases without any special legal opinion on the matter. Homosexual
		unions are different and are new in their established recognition
		under law. But that aside, i would point out that my original argument
		was addressing the issue of the curruption of language, and of the
		importance of preserving the long standing meaning of words,
		especially when there are no easy alternatives; such as in the case of
		the word "marriage". By attempting to broaden or slightly redefine the
		meaning of a word, you neccessarily dilute its original meaning. If
		proponents of non-sex-specific unions had rallied for civil unions, or
		same sex unions recognition under the law, we would not be having this
		conversation. What proponents of the phrase "gay marriage" demand is
		that the rest of society be forced to accept their own standard of the
		meaning of those words. And they seek to force this by attempting to
		enshrine their own particular minority definition upon the majority.
		This is form of calculated aggression against long standing
		traditional meaning of language, and should not be tolerated by a
		civil society. In this Republican form of government, the minority
		should be protected from the majority, but the majority should also be
		protected from the minority. Even at their peak, the Nazis never had a
		majority of political affiliation, they took power as a political
		minority, but look what havok they wreaked upon their own citizenry
		and the values which they imposed by force upon the majority! When
		language is eroded by degrees, then it ceases to have meaning;
		communication, and even thought itself become impossible. And society
		is brought unto a state of total decay and ruin. What once were men
		are then little more than animals. Read a page out of Orwell's 1984.
		The government's new speak is double ungood.
		[Posted by nonostrum at 2009-06-10T00:53:48+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			"As I stated in my previous argument the practice of legal
			recognition of aspects of homosexual unions is new and unprecedented."
			First result on google: "The first country to allow same-sex couples
			to enter into legally recognized marriage was the Netherlands,
			effective in 2001. Since then, six other countries and seven U.S.
			states have followed suit, though voters in California revoked it
			through passage of Proposition 8." I wouldn't call that unprecedented.
			If you are going to make a strong claim such as something has never
			been practiced, you should be sure you actually know what you are
			talking about. Therefore as I said using traditional marriage as an
			argument against same-sex marriage is just like using traditional
			marriage as an argument against interracial marriage. And your
			argument about language was really just wordy, vacuous, pseudo-
			intellectual babble. Words and language change over time. This is a
			natural phenomenon. Cultures are not stagnant. Marriage used to be
			between a man and the women he bought essentially. Society changes.
			This does not equate to a destruction of language. "What proponents of
			the phrase "gay marriage" demand is that the rest of society be forced
			to accept their own standard of the meaning of those words. And they
			seek to force this by attempting to enshrine their own particular
			minority definition upon the majority." You mean, just like
			interracial marriage? If you can't see the comparison, I'm really
			sorry. "Even at their peak, the Nazis never had a majority of
			political affiliation, they took power as a political minority, but
			look what havok they wreaked upon their own citizenry and the values
			which they imposed by force upon the majority!" Yes because the LGBT
			movement trying to gain civil rights is exactly like the Nazi regime.
			I don't think you read 1984 very carefully if you think anything in it
			can be applied to being against same-sex marriage. And I find no
			logical pathway for how same-sex marriage could lead to "a state of
			total decay and ruin." That's some class A fear mongering right there.
			Do you work for NOM?
			[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-06-10T01:30:46+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				Addressing your first point, of course there are modern developements
				in calling legally recognized relationships between same sex couples
				"marriage", that is why it is worth debating, whereas as little as ten
				or twenty years ago it was not. I was speaking in the broad scope of
				human history, and in that great span, this misapplication of the more
				traditional term of "marriage" to some form of relationship between a
				couple who are of the same sex IS new and IS unprecedented,
				particularly noteworthy is the use of the law as a weapon to force the
				new definition of the word "marriage" on everybody else against their
				consent in the name of equality and liberty for all. I assure you
				words DO have meaning, and pondering that meaning is neither "vacuous"
				or "pseoudo intellectual". Some of the greatest intellectuals of
				Western Civilization are on my side on this one. Descarte, Aristotle,
				Newton, poets like Shakespeare, and Thoreau (who has been speculated
				as being homosexual by the way) all poured over the fine nuance and
				meaning of the words they used. And we have benefited greatly from
				them. Of course the meaning of words change over time, but the
				underlying reality does not. Some words are reaplied to have new
				meaning, but the thing refered to has remaind unchanged in its
				underlying nature. The same bird is called by different names in
				different languages; and while some words may change faster than
				others, changing the word does not change the bird. Any culture that
				values its heritage will naturally want to defend that culture from
				uncontrolled change including its own language, and it is natural and
				good that it should do this it is the practice of a form of social
				self preservation. This may sound academic, but it is not! It is
				exactly what is practiced by the government in French Canadia. They
				censor and conrol their printed media, street signs, and advertising
				billboards so as to assure adherence to the standard French language
				in word use and spelling. This may seem outlandish to the provintial
				mind, but begs the question...why do they do it? Because they value
				their own culture. I do not venture to put myself on the side of
				government cencorship of all printed media, but surely our American
				society if it values its own cultural heritage at all, must atleast
				protect its language within the confines of the written law. If
				sufficient demand for civil unions passes the standard of civil debate
				and law, that is fine. But no equivelant forum exists for the passage
				of redefining the meaning of words. Unlike in French Canadia, there
				are no language police. As law is nothing but the accumulation of
				words, the manipulation and steady curruption of those words will lead
				to the destruction of those laws original meaning, either in word, or
				in practice as those ignorant of the past will be unable to understand
				the true meaning of the words as they were intended. This is not
				hypothetical. The Spanish conquistadors destroyed their conquered
				Aztec subject's written histories and records for a reason, to bring
				about the destruction of their civilization. As for interracial
				marriage, i have already addressed that issue, please read the
				previous post more carefully. My 1984 reference was about the ministry
				of Truth, which systematically corrupted the language by deminishing
				the number of words and broadening each remaining words application,
				thereby diluting its meaning. The speaker posits this is exaclty what
				is occuring in the case of legal use of the term "gay marriage", for
				the reasons stated in the primary statement. This speaker did not
				state "that same-sex marriage could lead to 'a state of total decay
				and ruin.'" The inner statement was taken out of context, see previous
				argument. Neither has this speaker sought to discredit same sex
				unions, either in principle or in law. The speaker wishes to make
				clear the distinction between using the word marriage in the
				traditional sense and in the new same-sex sense in which it is being
				applied. Proponents of the use of language of so called "gay marriage"
				would have you believe there is no difference between the two
				definitions, while simultaneously insisting that their new definition
				be accepted; which is a contradiction.
				[Posted by nonostrum at 2009-06-10T07:03:01+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					That is astounding. You managed to use so many words to say so
					little. You were an English major weren't you? "I was speaking in the
					broad scope of human history, and in that great span, this
					misapplication of the more traditional term of "marriage" to some form
					of relationship between a couple who are of the same sex IS new and IS
					unprecedented" I see you have difficulty reading so I will bold what I
					wrote earlier. "The first country to allow same-sex couples to enter
					into legally recognized marriage was the Netherlands, effective in
					2001. Since then, six other countries and seven U.S. states have
					followed suit, though voters in California revoked it through passage
					of Proposition 8." Same-sex marriage is not unprecedented.
					"Particularly noteworthy is the use of the law as a weapon to force
					the new definition of the word "marriage" on everybody" Just like
					forcing the new definition of the word marriage as being interracial
					as well. How can you not see that this is exactly the same thing? "I
					assure you words DO have meaning, and pondering that meaning is
					neither "vacuous" or "pseoudo intellectual"." I never said words do
					not have meaning. And pondering meanings of words is not what I was
					criticizing you for. I was criticizing you for complaining that the
					natural progression of society and therefore its means of
					communication, language, amounts to a destruction of language.
					"Descarte, Aristotle, Newton, poets like Shakespeare, and Thoreau (who
					has been speculated as being homosexual by the way) all poured over
					the fine nuance and meaning of the words they used." No they were not
					all on your side. They never wrote anything about gay marriage or the
					changing of language of being its destruction. Wow you are really
					intellectually dishonest. They were authors who naturally were quite
					concerned with the meaning of the language they used to write their
					works, but that doesn't mean they were concerned with language
					changing. Please stop misrepresenting the truth. "Of course the
					meaning of words change over time, but the underlying reality does
					not. Some words are reaplied to have new meaning, but the thing
					refered to has remaind unchanged in its underlying nature. The same
					bird is called by different names in different languages; and while
					some words may change faster than others, changing the word does not
					change the bird." Here's a great example of your meaningless pseudo-
					intellectualism. "Underlying reality" is a meaningless phrase. Try to
					actually say something concrete next time. If you actually knew
					anything about language, you would understand what a joke it is to say
					that saying marriage is also between a man and a woman is a drastic
					change to language. Why don't you take a look at the archaic words and
					archaic definitions that are no longer used and then talk to me about
					drastic change. This change of the terms of marriage is incredibly
					slight. Yours is one of the worst arguments against gay marriage I
					have heard. At least Christians saying it goes against their holy book
					is factually correct, even though this is legally and philosophically
					incorrect. Merriam-Webster's definition of the word "marriage"
					includes same-sex marriage by the way. "This may sound academic, but
					it is not!" At least you have one thing right. "This may seem
					outlandish to the provintial mind, but begs the question...why do they
					do it? Because they value their own culture." I like when people
					deliberately use bigger words in a condescending way to sound smart
					and then spell them incorrectly. It tickles my irony bone. And your
					argument if I can call it that about government censorship is lame.
					The fact that another government does something is not justification
					for it. I will spare you the holocaust analogies because I am still
					hoping you are intelligent enough to see now how stupid your point is.
					"The Spanish conquistadors destroyed their conquered Aztec subject's
					written histories and records for a reason, to bring about the
					destruction of their civilization." Oh my gosh you have uncovered the
					LGBT movement's secret plot. Their plan must have been to destroy
					civilization by destroying our language by making civil rights apply
					to them thereby changing the language. Blast those sexual deviants.
					Good thing you solved the mystery Nancy Drew.
					[Posted by ledhead818 at 2009-06-10T19:21:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	You should not deride another's love as unworthy without a damn good
	reason. Semantic bullshit is not a good reason. Your argument in
	nothing but thinly veiled gay bashing. That said, allowing gays to
	marry does not radically redefine marriage. You just flip the gender
	of one of the participants. Everything else stays the same.
	[Posted by jessald at 2009-06-10T01:40:49+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I have not "derided another's love as unworthy" as you claim. My
		argument is not "nothing but a thinly veiled gay bashing." as you
		claim. I have used only logic and reason in my arguments. You're
		statement on the other hand is tantamount to calling me a gay basher;
		it is slander and it is libelous, it is personally hurtful and i would
		ask that you refrain from ad homonim attacks, and confine yourself to
		the more respected tools of argument. If you believe that i am a "gay
		basher" then i say you have me confused with someone else. In any
		event, i would ask that you not resort to personal attacks, especially
		when this is a forum for arguing for or against a particular question,
		and this does not necessarily reflect ones personal views but is an
		exercize in public debate methods, as I'm sure you are aware of.
		[Posted by nonostrum at 2009-06-10T05:27:47+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			"I have not "derided another's love as unworthy" as you claim." Yes
			you have, all who campaign against gay marriage are essentially making
			that statement. "this does not necessarily reflect ones personal views
			but is an exercize in public debate methods" Well if you're just
			playing Devil's advocate, then I apologize for calling you a gay-
			basher. But consider the effects of your words: Neocon sheep are
			liable to skim through your argument, nodding their heads without
			understanding, thinking that there is some kind of rational
			justification for their hateful beliefs. We can't have that. Oh, and
			you seem to have overlooked the last paragraph in my previous
			argument. No ad-hominem there.
			[Posted by jessald at 2009-06-10T11:52:54+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

It hurts families, the more gay marriage the less families there will
be, children need a mother and a father to look up to.
[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-17T11:57:01+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

	Jake So how does it hurt you personally? What you have said is a
	moral thing...not an actual hurt. I know plenty of people that have
	grow up with out a parent and it didn't hurt them a bit. Some on...try
	again but lets hear how it hurts on a personal level without the moral
	issue.
	[Posted by Inkeddreams at 2008-11-17T12:58:53+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Oh, it doesn't hurt me, don't you worry. It only hurts them because
		it lessens their chances of getting into heaven by, lets say, allot!
		And that is an actual hurt, maybe not right now but eventually the
		consequences will come. Yeah immorality can hurt you very, very badly.
		Allot of people are in denial about this. (;
		[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T12:50:57+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			So you're basing your arguments off of christian mythology?
			[Posted by E223 at 2008-11-19T17:36:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				Can you prove that it is mythology?
				[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T20:38:30+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					Pfft, can you prove that it's true? What you're doing here is that
					you're moving the burden of proof over to me, a common mistake that
					theists make. Here's your argument, except from a different angle: Can
					you prove that the beliefs from the Church of the Flying Spaghetti
					Monster are mythology?
					[Posted by E223 at 2008-11-20T08:35:40+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						Why from a different angle? Why cant you answer my question the way
						it is? My answer to you is no, I can't prove to you that my religion
						is true, but I can tell you that I know that it is. Its not so much
						about what's true or not, but about how you live your life and the
						choices you make.
						[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-20T11:14:00+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

							"I can't prove to you that my religion is true, but I can tell you
							that I know that it is." No, you don't "know" that Christianity is
							right, you have faith in Christianity. Knowledge has a rational
							foundation. Faith is unfounded and irrational. The problem with faith
							is that when people of two different faiths conflict, how do we decide
							which one is right? If you have faith in Christianity and another
							person has faith in Islam, how do we decide who is right? We can't,
							because neither belief has a rational foundation.
							[Posted by jessald at 2008-11-20T13:23:44+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

								And that's why we live in a secular society that bases it's laws off
								of rationality and not religion.
								[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-20T17:51:23+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

									"...bases it's laws off of rationality and not religion." At least we
									hope so... and want it to be so... but is it really? I don't think
									that some people do want this at all!
									[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-21T12:39:24+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

								What about people that have think that god doesn't exist. Because
								they don't know that God doesn't exist. Can we decide they are right?
								We can't decide these things for ourself based on other peoples
								beliefs. It is important to find these things out for ourselves. How
								do you know that I don't know. Why can't I have faith and knowledge.
								The truth is you need both.
								[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-21T11:26:17+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

									I don't know whether God exists or not. I think that question is
									impossible to answer because I think it is impossible for us to know
									anything about the stuff outside of our own universe. Because it is
									impossible know anything about the initial forces that created the
									universe, it makes no sense to say that God was that force. And even
									if we do assume that God created the universe, it makes no sense to
									jump from there to saying Christianity is right and all other
									religions are wrong. This isn't just some personal belief. This is the
									only rational conclusion.
									[Posted by jessald at 2008-11-21T12:00:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

										So do you admitt that you don't know if I am right or wrong?
										[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-21T12:08:20+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

											Yes. But seeing as how the Chrisitan God is just one of an infinite
											number of possible explanations as to the origin of the universe, I'd
											say the probability that you are correct is practically zero.
											[Posted by jessald at 2008-11-21T12:23:58+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Says who? Do you think making gay marriage illegal means there will
	be less homosexuals? Don't you think that an orphan would rather have
	homosexual parents rather then no parents at all? Have you even ever
	met a family with homosexual parents? Unlike you, I have. They were
	actually a lot better adjusted then most people I know who have
	straight parents. I'm not sure why your so homophobic Jake, but I
	think maybe you need to be a little more open minded.
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-17T18:48:15+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		"Do you think making gay marriage illegal means there will be less
		homosexuals?" No, thanks for asking, don't know where you got that
		idea.
		[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-18T11:23:17+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			"It hurts families, the more gay marriage the less families there
			will be" Well what did you mean by this statement? How does gay
			marriage being legal mean less families?
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-18T17:47:18+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				Meaning that children will start to see it as normal and choose to be
				gay. How many times I'm a gonna have to tell you this?
				[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T12:57:57+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					OH good grief How close minded can one nutter be? Someone that
					chooses to be gay does it on their own one way or the other. Its not
					your business who someone finds attractive or falls in love with.
					[Posted by Inkeddreams at 2008-11-19T18:47:20+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						How exactly, am I being closed minded? I think im pretty open minded,
						im not just going with the mediaflow like most of you "nutter"s are.
						[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T20:33:40+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

							The "mediaflow"? You think that we all feel this way because the
							media told us to? Wow... that is quite an insult! I just know to treat
							everyone fairly.
							[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-21T12:41:41+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						How exactly, am I being closed minded? I think im pretty open minded,
						im not just going with the mediaflow like most of you "nutter"s are.
						[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T20:36:01+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

							Because the way you worded your statement shows that you believe that
							it isn't "ok" to be gay as you were apparently scared of children
							thinking it is ok to be gay. See? You can't even see the way you think
							clearly yourself. Gay people are the way they are. They aren't an
							aberration or a fluke or the consequence of a choice. They are human
							beings that simply prefer same sex partners AND THAT IS OK.
							[Posted by januscomplex at 2009-04-05T01:48:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

								"the way you worded your statement shows that you believe" Hmm, that
								doesn't make sense. If I say something does that mean that I believe
								it? No.
								[Posted by JakeJ at 2009-04-05T02:07:32+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

									What? So are you just admitting to talking out of your ass? Yes, if
									you espouse a belief I will believe that you believe it as a general
									courtesy of not thinking you a constant liar. If no one can believe
									your words at face value then there is no point ever debating you
									again as you just outed yourself as a nihilist, one who believes in
									nothing. Saying you think it's wrong for children to think being gay
									is ok says a lot about you. If you don't believe that then be more
									clear in your posts, because you seem constantly out of your depth on
									this site my friend.
									[Posted by januscomplex at 2009-04-05T02:23:13+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Sorry Jake. i don't want you to feel like you're being picked on or
	ganged up on. Some of these people have really pissed me off and
	that's not easy thing to do but I have to side with them on this
	issue...... but only to point. After that, I'm back to fighting them.
	There's a fundamental difference in their argument that just sets me
	off.
	[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-18T00:32:39+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Aww. Back in the day when Joecav debated sincerely. ;)
		[Posted by riahlize at 2013-04-11T21:59:44+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Wait..., what? No!!! ;)
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2013-04-12T14:22:42+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		Thanks for at least trying to be a little bit nice. These people need
		to lighten up a little bit.
		[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T12:26:50+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

			Jake, why should anyone lighten up? You're doing a pretty good job
			venting your point of view, why shouldn't others?
			[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-22T16:00:23+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			Thanks for understanding ;)
			[Posted by joecavalry at 2008-11-19T13:41:12+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	Let's just say that 5 years ago when I married my husband, homosexual
	marriage was legal... this would have had absolutely no effect on my
	choice to get married to him! Why do you say that there would be less
	families? How do you define a family? People who care for each other?
	There are thousands of kids in orphanages all over the world who would
	be a billion times better off being raised by 2 homosexuals than left
	in the orphanage! I agree with you that we all need a male and female
	role model to look up to, but this does not have to be a biological
	parent!
	[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-17T13:03:00+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		I didn't say that it would affect anyones choice on if they are
		homosexual, or who they marrie. I define a family as a mother and
		father who love each other(not just care for each other) and for their
		children. Also, parents are more than just role models. "There are
		thousands of kids in orphanages all over the world who would be a
		billion times better off being raised by 2 homosexuals than left in
		the orphanage!" -says who!? a billion times, please
		[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-18T11:15:11+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

			So you define a family as "a mother and father who love each
			other(not just care for each other) and for their children." What
			happens if the father dies in Iraq? Are they no longer a family? There
			are thousands of families all over the world who do not fit this
			definition and still raise healthy and happy children!
			[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-18T13:08:08+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

				The majority of the happy and healthy people are raised by a mother
				and a father. And if one of them dies they are still a family. I
				believe that families can be together forever and that death is not
				the end.
				[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-18T14:49:59+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					So are you really saying that a child would be better off in an
					orphanage than raised by a homosexual couple? I really don't believe
					that, Jake...
					[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-18T14:57:23+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						No thats not what I'm saying, that should be left for the kids to
						decide.
						[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T08:41:19+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

							You want a 1 year old child in an orphanage to decide? Why not let
							them vote, drink, smoke, drive and do other things then... please,
							they are children and not old enough to make such choices! Plus, do
							you really think that a child would rather stay in an orphanage than
							be loved by 2 people in a home where they have family... even if that
							family is 2 men? I have friends (heterosexuals) who just adopted a 2
							year old child because they cannot have kids... that child has some
							issues, but is so happy to no longer be in an orphanage!
							[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-19T09:17:31+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

								Every child should be raised by heterosexual parents. Gay couples
								shouldn't adopt, they are not parents.
								[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T11:25:55+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

									What defines a parent? The person who gave an egg and the person who
									gave the sperm? I have cousins who are adopted and are perfectly
									normal and healthy, I have those friends I spoke of before who just
									adopted less than a month ago. These people are all parents regardless
									of the fact that they did not give birth to these children! This would
									be no different if 2 gays adapted. I think that being a parent is more
									about loving and supporting a child than just knocking some woman up!
									There are thousands of men out there who get a woman pregnant but have
									nothing to do with the child's life. The way you are defining being a
									parent this man would be a father... yet has not doing a damn thing
									other than ejaculate!
									[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-19T11:44:16+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

										Parents are people who are legally married who actually love each
										other and their children and who stay together. Not just gay sex
										partners.
										[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T11:48:46+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

											You don't really address any of my questions, Jake. I counter your
											debate and then you ignore the point and go off on a tangent. So you
											say that parents are legally married... ok, so if there is a divorce
											those people are no longer parents? If there is a death of a parent?
											You are defining a family in a very narrow sense. Gay sex partners are
											not what we are talking about here, but gay "people who actually love
											each other and their children and who stay together."
											[Posted by kirstie1126 at 2008-11-19T11:53:59+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

												"ok, so if there is a divorce those people are no longer parents?"
												-not necessarily "If there is a death of a parent?" -no "You are
												defining a family in a very narrow sense." Yes, I am because I know
												that a family is a very important and sacred thing that should not be
												altered in any way. Family is the most important thing in life.
												[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T12:22:59+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

													Who says your definition of family is correct? You think that two
													people who love each other should not be able to adopt merely because
													they are the same sex? How about single people who adopt? Family is
													very important. Explain to me why homosexual parents are any less
													capable then heterosexual parents at raising a child.
													[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-19T18:56:03+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

														"Who says your definition of family is correct?" Well, ha, alot of
														people, including the majority of California. "You think that two
														people who love each other should not be able to adopt merely because
														they are the same sex?" Merely because I think that is not how kids
														should be raised. And im not a big fan of single people adopting. Im
														not saying that they are less capaple, im saying that its not good for
														the kids.
														[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T20:29:07+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

															What if I thought you shouldn't be allowed to raise kids? Would that
															give me the right to take away your right to adopt? Unless you have
															some proof that children of homosexual parents are somehow harmed,
															then you are just spouting bullshit. I actually know people with gay
															parents. I would love to see you repeat what you just said to their
															face.
															[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-19T22:24:53+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

																Well its a good thing for me that I was right about the fact that the
																U.S. doesn't vote on things that should not be voted on. But, if there
																was a vote like that then you would be the minority. If I couldn't
																adopt allot of people wouldn't be allowed to.
																[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-20T11:27:17+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

					2 parents, say the research, regardless of gender. That's the formula
					for healthy upbringing.
					[Posted by HGrey87 at 2008-11-19T10:55:28+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

						Well in the good old day you didn't have to be that specific. It used
						to be a given that a mother and father is to raise a child.
						[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T20:42:51+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

							It used to be a given that the slaves would do the cleaning, too. As
							long as we're going by the way things used to be, let's choose our
							mates by raping them in our caves.
							[Posted by HGrey87 at 2008-11-21T10:16:27+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

								Yeah, so prop8 and slavery are pretty much the same thing huh? no,
								they are not! , why do people keep comparing this to slavery!?
								[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-21T11:10:06+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

									It's called an analogy, genius. He's saying that basing things on
									tradition is a bad idea.
									[Posted by jessald at 2008-11-21T12:17:55+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

										Well, it depends on the tradition doesn't it?
										[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-21T12:21:49+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

											Jake, you are very fond of using the expression, "How many times do I
											have to tell you!" First off that's a very cheeky statement. It a bit
											presumptuous of anyone to utter those words on subject matter they
											know so little about. Let me turn the tables though, for just one
											moment, when I say to you...HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT
											BEING GAY IS NOT A CHOICE! I have known "families" with two moms and
											two dads. They were very loving families and the children felt that
											love very deeply...even when the questions came, as they always do.
											Most of the kids I kept track of wouldn't have traded their upbringing
											for one second because it taught them things about prejudice,
											acceptance, being different and being OK with that. They say they
											would not have had that same opportunity has they been raised by
											straight parents. All of them are fine and none of them are gay, no
											matter which gender they grew up with.
											[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-21T23:29:28+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

												I was raised by straight parents, does that mean I havn't had an
												opportunity to be taught anything about prejudice, acceptance, or
												being different!? oh and about "How many times do I have to tell you"
												im not sure that i have used that more than maybe once or twice but I
												am not fond of having to tell people the same things over and over
												again.
												[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-12-09T12:22:28+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

													That's one of your problems Jake...You tell people...you don't reason
													it out or even back it up with facts, statistics or anything else of
													value. You are completely homophobic Jake, face it. The possibility of
													this being a viable relationship is so foreign to you that you believe
													a child would be ruined by being a part of that relationship.
													Homosexuality is not a disease my friend...it's a way of life that was
													given those of us who are. No one should be punished because of it.
													[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2009-02-27T18:49:13+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

	I'm not at all certain that is correct Jake. The estimate on the
	number of gays vs. straights in this country is about 10%. It may well
	be more, but the family structure has been maintained thus far in the
	world and will probably remain so. Yes, I would agree that any child
	needs a Mom or Dad to look up to and it is easier when there are one
	of each, however, I believe studies have shown very few, if any, bad
	affects have been realized from a two mom or two dad household. As
	long as there are members of the other sex around to give the child
	balance that's all that's really needed.
	[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-17T20:10:42+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

		The problems a child has being raised by gay parents is NOT from the
		parents themselves, but the horrible way those kids are treated by
		kids and others who are raised by heterosexual parents. That is the
		sad data...
		[Posted by kirstie1126 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Kirstie, Fact is Kids are cruel. If its not gay then they are cruel
			bout those who are tall, fat, thin, short, have curly hair, don't have
			the latest clothes. Point is kids are always going to find something
			to pick about. I was picked on because I was adopted and my parents
			weren't my "real" parents so I must have had something wrong with me.
			Then when they got tired of that it was my weight, then my height,
			then who I dated. Having gay parents isn't going to change anything
			for a kid being teased by children raised by close minded parents.
			[Posted by Inkeddreams at 2008-11-19T18:52:16+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

				Yea, before long strait kids will get picked on just for being
				strait. 0:
				[Posted by JakeJ at 2008-11-19T20:44:53+00:00 - Side: Hurts everyone?]

		Does the truth hurt you that much?
		[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-25T18:07:39+00:00 - Side: Doesnt hurt anyone]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
