An ad-hominem argument (or argumentum ad-hominem in Latin) is used to counter another argument. However, it's based on feelings of prejudice (often irrelevant to the argument), rather than facts, reason, and logic. An ad-hominem argument is often a personal attack on someone's character or motive rather than an attempt to address the reasoning that they presented.

Sometimes, people utilize ad-hominem argument (fallacy) because they want to appeal to other's emotions rather than their reasoning (since they are based on personal attack). Ad-hominem is often used in toxic conversations or comment chains in the internet.


EXAMPLES

Let's review several ad hominem examples. Unfortunately, they're prevalent in the courtroom and in politics, so we'll begin there. To no surprise, ad hominem arguments also occur in any sort of daily interaction, so we'll review a few more everyday examples, too.

The more you read about examples of ad hominem arguments, the more you'll be able to spot them and, if need be, defend yourself against such arguments.

1. In the Court

It won't surprise you to learn ad hominem attacks are attempted in the court of law, where jury members' emotions are played upon on a regular basis.

1.1 Attacking a defendant's character rather than addressing the actual facts of the alleged criminal activity - "You haven't held a steady job since 1992. Worse than that, we couldn't find a single employer who'd provide you with a good reference."

1.2 Asserting that witness’ geographical location prevents him from being able to make a clear judgment in the case - "You've only ever lived in the city. The issues that matter to America's heartland are clearly beyond your comprehension."

1.3 Using racial slurs to demean a person of another race in an argument about a crime involving people of different racial backgrounds - "People like you don't understand what it's like to grow up black in America. You have no right to argue about the gang violence on our streets."

1.4 Attacking a defendant’s character by pointing out their flaws in a case - “You cheated and lied to your wife, but you expect the jury to believe you now?”


2. In the Political Debates

Have you ever watched a presidential debate? Boy, can they get ugly. Some politicians have even been known to resort to name-calling. Things certainly get sticky in the political arena; here are a few examples to that effect.

2.1 Degrading another politician during a campaign when asked about a specific policy - "Well, I think we need to look at Senator Smith's failures regarding this issue."

2.2 Responding in any debate with an attack on one's personal beliefs - "You don't even belong to a church. How can you claim to be a Christian?"

2.3 Generalizing views of a political party as an insulting argument to an individual who is a member of a different party - "Well, it's pretty obvious that your political party doesn't know how to be fiscally responsible, so I wouldn't expect you to be either."

2.4 Attacking an opponent's physical attractiveness rather than looking at the faults in their politics - “Just look at that face! How could anyone vote for that?”


3. Used in the Media

Whether it’s an opinion piece or lively on-air discussion, words can easily get personal. Explore some different examples that attack religion, sexual orientation, and even socioeconomic status.

3.1 Attacking someone's own sexual orientation in arguing about the right of LGBT individuals to marry - "The only reason you could possibly be in favor of this is because you're not being honest about your own sexuality."

3.2 Using someone's known background or beliefs - "Of course you would say that. You believe life begins at conception and have never studied alternative facts."

3.3 Stating that someone's argument is incorrect because of her religious beliefs - "Perhaps if you weren't Mormon, you would see this quite differently."

3.4 Relying on socioeconomic status as a means to undermine an opposing individual's opinion - "You wouldn't understand since you have never had to struggle."

3.5 Using gender as a means to devalue an argument from an opposing gender - "This is a female issue. As a man, how can you have an opinion about this?"


4. In Everyday Conversations

A simple conversation can suddenly take a left turn into ad hominem territory. Something very innocent can inadvertently become a personal attack on someone else. Let's take a look at a few more examples so you can keep your ad hominem detective skills on point.

4.1 Using someone's education level as a means to exploit and degrade the opponent's argument - "You didn't even finish high school. How could you possibly know about this?"

4.2 Demeaning a teacher's decision on grading by insulting her intelligence - "Well, it's not like you graduated from a good school, so I can see why you wouldn't know how to properly grade a writing assignment."

4.3 Stating that one's age precludes him from being able to make an intelligent or meaningful argument - "You're clearly just too young to understand."

4.4 Use of marital status to invalidate an opinion of someone of a different status - "How can you make a decision about someone having marital problems if you've never been married yourself?"

4.5 Stating that the ethnicity of the opposing individual keeps him from formulating a valuable opinion - "You are from the United States, so you could never understand what it's like to live in a country like that."


TASK

In this task, you will be shown 20 comments, one comment per page. For each comment, you will be asked whether the given comment is ad-hominem argument or not. For additional context, each comment is provided with an URL of the full conversation (post and comments). You will also be asked to select some keywords from the comments shown, which you think, best describes your judgment (ad-hominem or otherwise).

After answering the question for the comment on the given page, you need to click on the "Next" button at the bottom of the page to proceed to the next page. Once you finish all the 20 comments, please click the "Submit" button to get the link to take you back to Prolific and complete your survey task.

Please give your honest judgement about the comments (and not unsubstantiated guesses) to help our study and successfully complete this task.
