Title: Is forcing your child to be a certain religion, a form of child abuse?
Posted by JackassTruth
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Is_forcing_your_child_to_be_a_certain_religion_a_form_of_child_abuse

Comments:

I completely agree with Mr. Dawkins. Not allowing a child to explore,
is trapping him or her in a mindset. I think this is just as damaging
as other forms of child abuse.
[Posted by JackassTruth at 2014-04-10T23:47:40+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	I think this is just as damaging as other forms of child abuse.
	Really, so taking your kid to church is a s bad a s the couple who
	killed their 5 month old by leaving them in a car seat for 8 days....
	Taking your kid to church is as bad as molestation huh? Why don't you
	try thinking before you type.
	[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-11T18:19:48+00:00 - Side: No]

		http://bishop-accountability.org/ priestdb/PriestDBbydiocese.html
		Don't know about leaving your kid in the car but the molestation
		thing, could have picked a better example..
		[Posted by squibs at 2014-04-19T10:54:09+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Taking a kid to church isn't child abuse. Forcing them to believe is.
		It isn't as bad as anything physical, but your above comment is like
		saying teasing isn't bullying because it's not as bad as punching.
		Young kids are often very gullible.
		[Posted by neros at 2014-05-03T14:59:11+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		It's not the same as murdering children, but it still forces children
		to believe something that they don't believe. For example: if two
		Christian parents had a child, they would want the child to be
		Christian. But the child might believe in science and logic more than
		religion. Therefore the parents are forcing their children to do
		something they don't believe in, which could be seen as child abuse.
		[Posted by LittleGirl at 2014-05-18T20:20:07+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Smacking a kid in the head is child abuse. Telling your kid if he
		doesn't conform to a books rules he will rott in hell for eternity is
		NOT child abuse. They are both bad, but one is legal and one is not.
		That's my point, and I believe Mr. Dawkins point. AngryGenX try
		thinking before you get angry.
		[Posted by JackassTruth at 2014-05-22T15:45:55+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	No, but I agree with the following points: it is to what extent and
	religion should not be forced upon. However, making a child do their
	homework for their own sake you could call trapping them in a state of
	boredom or unhappiness because they dislike doing it or even asking
	them to lose weight because they are too heavy. It depends on how old
	and mature they are - a young child and adolescents require the most
	input from parents as studies have shown.
	[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-10T13:18:42+00:00 - Side: No]

It really depends on what you are doing to "force" them. Needless to
say, you're a really poor parent if you can't accept that your child
has different views than you.
[Posted by Idiotobx914 at 2014-04-11T03:04:10+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Number 1, your brain washing them. Number 2, your not allowing them
to discover the world and religion themselves. Their freedom is being
token away. Also, they can't live their lives nor enjoy themselves
because they live in fear. It's just another way to control people. We
Need a law for this. America gives Women, Blacks, and handicaps
rights, but not children. The USA is getting less democratic.
[Posted by Kazerian2001 at 2014-04-11T11:34:03+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	Get back on here in 15 years... Tell me how wonderful and smart 13
	year olds are and how they should be running the world.
	[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-11T18:30:28+00:00 - Side: No]

	Children have no rights until they are legally an adult. The only
	right a child has is to be treated with dignity as a human being.
	[Posted by chadAI at 2014-04-30T04:49:41+00:00 - Side: No]

		That's really not fair. How a Lion is able to make choices for itself
		when he's only a few months, but a highly intelligent and mature 16
		year old isn't able to make choices. Children are nothing but Slaves
		in the U.S Of A.
		[Posted by Kazerian2001 at 2014-04-30T12:27:57+00:00 - Side: Yes]

If you tell them about god when they are a kid, and teach them about
spirituality, then you are not really forcing them to believe in
anything, you are teaching them what you know, and as long as you dont
try to scare them into staying with your beliefs. If you use fear in
your teachings, that is psychologically damaging.
[Posted by gratedebator at 2014-04-11T04:50:19+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	What about teaching about hell?
	[Posted by Cartman at 2014-04-11T07:06:57+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Its the same thing as teaching kids they will go meet "bubba" in
		prison if they dont do what someone else tells them to do.
		[Posted by gratedebator at 2014-04-12T17:01:27+00:00 - Side: No]

			Just because I ask a question doesn't mean I am trying to be mean.
			You can answer the question instead of demonstrating that religion is
			bad for children. How is the fear of jail not used as a way to scare
			kids? I thought we were supposed to only use the nice parts of
			religion.
			[Posted by Cartman at 2014-04-12T22:28:59+00:00 - Side: No]

				i am saying the opposite of what you said i said, i never said using
				hell wasn't necessary, just from my experiences, that side of religion
				is very alive and very real, negative forces are at work all around us
				whether they be in the form of greed or actual possession, ive never
				sen possession, but i believe it is possible That shit is no joke,
				thats why the bible warns against going to psychics or other people
				for spiritual advice, which i have a hard time following and paying
				attention to, but yes if you are not prepared to enter the spirit
				world then you will get fucked mentally. I have only seen one physical
				demon, completely sober, in my life and that was a very strange
				experience. So i dont think how you would find it reasonable to leave
				that part out of religion, thats one of the most important parts to
				explain....
				[Posted by gratedebator at 2014-04-12T22:55:23+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	If you use fear in your teachings, that is psychologically damaging.
	that is what all religions stands on, scarying people by promising
	infinite pain forever if they do not donate to the church...
	[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-11T15:00:07+00:00 - Side: No]

		What about teaching about the fear of going to prison? You smoke a
		little plant, you go to jail. Thats fear mongering, thats threatening
		my personal freedoms, my personal decisions as a conscious organism.
		How is that any different than teaching about hell? And just assume
		hell exists for this debate so we dont get into a pointless debate.
		[Posted by gratedebator at 2014-04-12T17:00:55+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			That is teaching about consequences break a law go = to prison...
			real world real scenario... because it is important to know how to
			live in our society Teaching children if it is not going to eat
			symbolical flesh of long dead homeless guy then it will endup in
			eternal fire in la la land, is just fucked up.
			[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-13T11:20:02+00:00 - Side: No]

				Dude, you have no clue what you're talking about, there is a very
				real spiritual side to life, and tampering with it IS dangerous for
				your psyche. Yes, teaching children that they have to eat the bread
				and drink the wine is messed up, but there is no way a child can grasp
				the meaning of what that is, at least not in western society. Stop
				mixing me in with your general view of religion, I am against
				organized religin its the work of the devil, even jesus himself stated
				that but for some reason noone has listened to that part of what he
				said. So, i am probably on your side, i just have a religious nature
				to me, and religion can be used as a word in different ways, i am
				talking about believing in god and having a set f beliefs with it.
				Does that mean i suck up to god or am going to force what i believe
				onto my children? No, ill talk to them, about the possibilities of
				what could happen when we die, but i will never force anything on
				them. Not everyone that believes in god is a nut job buddy, you need
				to stop making rash conclusions, its very annoying.
				[Posted by gratedebator at 2014-04-13T16:34:59+00:00 - Side: Yes]

					Yes, teaching children that they have to eat the bread and drink the
					wine is messed up, but there is no way a child can grasp the meaning
					of what that is, at least not in western society. Wine suppose to
					represent Jesus blood and bread his flesh, so the ritual of drinking
					wine and eating bread is a symbolic cannibalism and I think that it is
					sick to teach kids to do that.
					[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-18T15:46:12+00:00 - Side: No]

				and also to answer your dispute, what is wrong with the basic premise
				that if your life is filled with anger, hatred, greed, and fear, that
				your afterlife will be filled with the same things? And vice versa, if
				you live a life full of joy and happiness and altruism, then your
				afterlife will mirror the same thing. Obviously there is no proof of
				this, but why do alot of scientists believe in god? Why would atheists
				all of a sudden change their views to believe in god after having a
				crisis in their personal life? Thats all religion is for: YOUR
				PERSONAL LIFE and to help you get through problems, its not meant to
				replace government, or become the law of the world. But it is
				something that helps you cope with the daily struggles of life, if you
				havent found it that sucks, but i have and billions of other people
				have. So, all youre doing is sounding like a parrot repeating what
				everyone else says about religion, how about think for yourself and go
				explore it and take from it what YOU will not what some church leader
				says
				[Posted by gratedebator at 2014-04-13T16:39:03+00:00 - Side: Yes]

					Pretty sure you just implicated religion for what it is: a coping
					mechanism. Well done.
					[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T21:45:27+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	The problem is that the vast majority of religious parents/guardians
	do not simply teach their children that god is an idea that could
	exist, but that god is an absolute and incontrovertible truth. This
	view is imparted by the parent/guardian with a false air of legitimacy
	that abuses the trust and vulnerability of the child. The scare
	tactics practically innate to all religion are just an exacerbation of
	what is already damaging to the emotional and cognitive maturation of
	the child.
	[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T17:51:09+00:00 - Side: No]

		I know, i have a best friend whose parents were not as bad as THAT,
		but he was pretty indoctrinated it tookk me years to open up his mind
		lol, well he opened it up of his own accord but i think i helped
		him... But yeah, its terrible i hate that.
		[Posted by gratedebator at 2014-04-13T18:08:06+00:00 - Side: No]

Child Abuse: "(1) Any recent act or failure to act on the part of a
parent or caretaker which results in death, serious physical or
emotional harm, sexual abuse or exploitation. (2) An act or failure to
act which presents an imminent risk of serious harm. (The Federal
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, 42 U.S.C.A. § 5106g ) Force:
"Violence, compulsion, or constraint exerted upon or against a person
or thing." ( Source ) Forcing a child to practice a religion
implicates the act as one of coercion against the will of the child.
This alone can be emotionally damaging, but is further compounded by
the retardation that religion causes in emotional and cognitive
development. Religion exists and is perpetuated as a consequence of
emotional insecurity, and actively works against critical thought and
emotional maturation. Further, this indoctrination is rarely done out
of genuine interest in the welfare of the child but is a projection of
the emotional insecurities of the parent(s)/guardian(s) onto the child
and at the expense of the child.
[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T17:13:49+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	I don't know USA law but I'd imagine that for the parents to be
	culpable the court would have to determine causality between the
	parents act and the harm. Part of this is would surely be reasonable
	(or actual) foreseeability. What a reasonably prudent parent have
	foreseen harm (perhaps the criteria would 'serious harm' ) caused by
	teaching the child religion? I think the answer would be no.
	[Posted by Atrag at 2014-04-19T16:18:15+00:00 - Side: No]

		Causality would need to be demonstrated (which I believe it can be)
		but to my understanding based upon the federal code cited above the
		reasonable foreseeability standard is not at issue in the United
		States. Such a standard though seems curious to me in light of the
		innate ambiguity it holds. While I can appreciate the intent to
		protect parents from being penalized for unforeseeable harms done to
		children, to attach the standard of foreseeability to the reasoning
		capacity of the average parent/person seems imprudent to me. All of
		that being said, it is exceptionally unlikely that any court would
		ever rule against parents for teaching their children religion. The
		First Amendment to the Constitution secures freedom of religion, which
		people interpret quite generously and defend quite passionately in
		this country.
		[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-21T03:46:31+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Yes since being in a religion should be voluntary and being done out
of passion for the movement. Being forced however to follow something
you don`t even believe is torture in an intellectual sense.
[Posted by ezekiel_roma at 2014-04-13T17:19:31+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Yes ur child should be able to belive and act as they want, its there
life and its there choice
[Posted by 22coolcat at 2014-04-19T22:41:34+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	Yet another extreme oversimplification argument from the left. If
	everyone just left it up to their child how to act how do you think
	children would behave overall? Would they go to school? Would they
	ever learn anything? Would they ever learn to be respectful or
	communicate properly?
	[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-24T18:41:59+00:00 - Side: No]

Forcing a child to have a certain religeon is take away their freedom
of though. It's like forcing a child to believe that the moon is made
of cheese.
[Posted by neros at 2014-05-02T21:37:47+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Now this is an interesting topic. Personally, if I'd ever been born
into a religious family, and christened (etc), I'd have been very
annoyed. I believe that people should be free to make a choice, on
whether to follow a religion (and if so, what one they wish to be a
part of) or not. In no respect is it okay to force beliefs upon
someone. Christening a baby is not an acceptable act - you are
condemning that child to a life of following a religion, that they've
had no say it. If they want to take on a religion, fair enough, but
forcing it upon them is never okay. That is not the freedom that
humans deserve. Whether it is child abuse, is difficult to say -
making a child be a certain religion is unlikely to harm them, in any
way than, perhaps, educationally (e.g. in Science).
[Posted by SeekSeven at 2014-05-13T21:26:08+00:00 - Side: Yes]

This comes to be the Major problem that a child is having from
his/her background. Because, However, A child is willing to practice
what is aiming to do and parent now be the one to be confusing
him/her, this is Illegal and also Formally Child Abuse to every
Societies.
[Posted by Femzyx at 2014-05-18T11:22:42+00:00 - Side: Yes]

I completely agree with Mr. Dawkins. Not allowing a child to explore,
is trapping him or her in a mindset. I think this is just as damaging
as other forms of child abuse.
[Posted by Ahmed-ashraf at 2014-06-04T19:23:28+00:00 - Side: Yes]

This is a tuff one.. Mostly because a few religions are allot like
ethnic back grounds. A Muslim is born "Muslim" a Jewish is born
Jewish. In today's America most children are not born into a certain
religious belief. All I have to go from is my own experience. When I
was a teen I met a guy who was a non practicing Jehovah Witness, while
he still carried the teachings he was raised with he did not attend
"meetings" and sinned against the teachings everyday. We later had two
child and had been married. The marriage did not last for reasons
outside of the JW factor. And ever since I have raised my kids to
explore god and his teachings on there own free will. I have allowed
them my oldest is now 15 to gain his own since of what is right for
him. He has made wise choices, last year he was baptized and confirmed
and I was so happy for him. He did this all on his own. His choice not
mine. I never grew up in a strict religious house hold, so I didn't
feel that my kids should either. But back to Muslims and Jewish
people, this is like I said something the kids are born into. And
until they are older and can reflect on the teachings on there own, I
don't see any problem with passing down this tradition and beliefs
that they have. Unless it is harmful to the child. I feel that JW's
and Mormons are a type of cult, and there fore I would never ever
introduce this to my kids. Just as I wouldn't introduce them to any
other religious belief. But as for it being child abuse because the
parents take them to church of there choosing and raise there kids in
such church.. No I don't think it is. It could become abuse if this
religious view hurts or damages the children in ways that we would
describe as a cult. Where sexual and or physical and mental abuse took
place. So I guess I would have to say no, that most of the time this
is not abuse, it is raising a family in the light of faith. That has
been done for many many years and generations before.
[Posted by IHateObummer at 2014-07-17T12:38:16+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Yes if you belive somthing why should they. They are not you they can
have their own opinions. How would you feel if your parents were for
example Jewish and you belive in christianity and they forced you to
belive in somthing you don't. Be cannot be forced they are created by
yourself trying out different things and figuring out from there what
you like andto belive in
[Posted by Rosegemini at 2017-08-14T00:03:59+00:00 - Side: Yes]

So is raping them.
[Posted by Hitler at 2014-04-11T02:42:58+00:00 - Side: Yes]

You do not own your children. Children are their own people, many of
whom can think for themselves. Let them decide things for themselves.
Freedom of Religion is a human right and just because they are you
Children doesn't mean you can take that right away from them.
[Posted by TheEccentric at 2014-04-11T08:58:04+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	I like the way you phrase "own". Instead I shall use ownership or
	custody since I don't really prefer to use "own". How do I not have
	ownership of my child? It is my creation. Even then why can I not
	teach my child my religion if my religion tells me too? What harm is
	done? Shall the child quiver in fear and suffer psychological trauma?
	[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-11T16:32:50+00:00 - Side: No]

		How do I not have ownership of my child? It is my creation. Any
		parent exerts influence over their children, but it is an absolute
		fact that the child does operate as its own autonomous entity
		(particularly as it grows older). There is only so much that a parent
		can do to regulate their child, and eventually most children will
		assert themselves as autonomous adults in their own right. You may
		argue that you have a natural or legal right as a parent to
		indoctrinate your child, and perhaps you do, but this does not
		actually change the abusive nature of that indoctrination. Even then
		why can I not teach my child my religion if my religion tells me too?
		What harm is done? Shall the child quiver in fear and suffer
		psychological trauma? The harm is to the emotional and cognitive
		development and maturation of the child. Religion teaches an absolute
		and incontrovertible truth, which conditions a child to close their
		mind to alternative perspectives and possibilities. Religion is also
		founded upon the emotional insecurities of people, and a child who
		learns to lean on the emotional crutch of religion is unlikely ever to
		learn to walk on their own (i.e. they will struggle far more to
		confront and resolve their emotional insecurities, instead turning to
		superficial religious explanations). In some cases where religion is
		forcefully imposed upon a child, against the wishes and interests of
		the child, the harm can be even greater. The threat of being cut out
		of the family or physically harmed for not conforming to religious
		views of the parent/guardian is very real for too many children.
		Arguably, though, this falls within the prerogative of the parent if
		they do in fact have ownership of the child.
		[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T17:58:41+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			but this does not actually change the abusive nature of that
			indoctrination. Please state what "abuse" has been placed onto the
			child? Do define this beyond my expectation. Religion teaches an
			absolute and incontrovertible truth, which conditions a child to close
			their mind to alternative perspectives and possibilities. What is the
			harm in teaching them this? I also doubt the child will become close
			minded. I tend to find both Atheists and Theists hold a belief
			preservation bias towards their own enigmas. I'd like to see you
			provide some evidence for your claim and then show me how this applies
			to all children who are taught a religion. Religion is also founded
			upon the emotional insecurities of people, and a child who learns to
			lean on the emotional crutch of religion is unlikely ever to learn to
			walk on their own (i.e. they will struggle far more to confront and
			resolve their emotional insecurities, instead turning to superficial
			religious explanations). Oh, okay. An emotional crutch you say? So is
			it not okay for a child to pray to receive and A on his test and also
			put in effort to score that high? Is it improper for a child to pray
			to see a lost one in heaven once more? Is it improper to have a child
			pray to see their lost father again after he has given his life for
			his country? No. In fact I would say that these are very sweet things
			to pray and believe in. Unless you wish to tell your child that your
			father was a simple being and is no longer in existence and you will
			never see him again since his consciousness has drifted away and has
			ceased to exist. I would define that as mental abuse. I love the way
			you say "unlikely" since you must be aware that your statement may be
			false. If a child is raised on a true Christian doctrine he will walk
			as a confident man who will work hard in life and hope to receive
			eternal life. If I am incorrect do prove your statement to be correct.
			Show me a statistic that supports your claim. In some cases where
			religion is forcefully imposed upon a child, against the wishes and
			interests of the child, the harm can be even greater.  I see. So
			basically "in some cases" is the crutch of your argument since its
			applicability is not general but case specific. I can give an "in some
			cases" bit on Atheistic homes. I can create scenarios that seems
			abusive. You must also realize that all people are different and some
			Christian homes will vary in differrent locations. There are some
			promiscuous Christian homes and there are some morally superior homes.
			Same goes for Atheists. There are some abusive homes and some
			incredibly peaceful homes. If a religious child can grow up and obtain
			a nice job and retire successfully and live a great life what abuse
			has been instilled?
			[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-14T05:19:24+00:00 - Side: No]

				Please state what "abuse" has been placed onto the child? Do define
				this beyond my expectation. I already did: emotional and cognitive
				retardation. What is the harm in teaching them this? I also doubt the
				child will become close minded. I tend to find both Atheists and
				Theists hold a belief preservation bias towards their own enigmas. I'd
				like to see you provide some evidence for your claim and then show me
				how this applies to all children who are taught a religion.
				"Indoctrination: to teach (someone) to fully accept the ideas,
				opinions, and beliefs of a particular group and to not consider other
				ideas, opinions, and beliefs." (Merriam-Webster) Religion demands full
				acceptance of its tenets as a matter of faith, without and even in
				some cases against evidence and reason; this is closed-mindedness,
				clear and simple. To be clear, I recognize that atheists can be
				equally dogmatic and indoctrinating. The crucial difference to my mind
				is that theism innately requires these attributes, whereas atheism
				does not. Oh, okay. An emotional crutch you say? So is it not okay for
				a child to pray to receive and A on his test and also put in effort to
				score that high? Is it improper for a child to pray to see a lost one
				in heaven once more? Is it improper to have a child pray to see their
				lost father again after he has given his life for his country? No. In
				fact I would say that these are very sweet things to pray and believe
				in. Unless you wish to tell your child that your father was a simple
				being and is no longer in existence and you will never see him again
				since his consciousness has drifted away and has ceased to exist. I
				would define that as mental abuse. The primary difference between you
				and I is that you value the subjective and I value the objective.
				Religion substitutes subjective assumption for proximity to objective
				truth; I personally prefer the pursuit of reason to delusion. And I do
				think it is ill-advised to teach children to pray to ignore reality
				rather than to confront it head-on, but I guess that comes down to my
				preference for not burying my head in the sand. Religion is a
				comfortable alternative to admitting we do not know everything and
				that what we do know is not how we would like it to be; the problem is
				that religion trades comfort for emotional maturity. Rather than avoid
				reality we should learn (and teach our children) to live with reality
				as it is. The conflict and distress over reality is not innate, but a
				consequence of our forming the very attachments to an idealized world
				that religion teaches people to make (e.g. our lives have meaning,
				there is an afterlife, etc.). Religion creates the expectation for
				that which we cannot prove exists, and in some cases for which we can
				say probably does not exist; it sets us (and the child) up for
				disappointment. I love the way you say "unlikely" since you must be
				aware that your statement may be false. If a child is raised on a true
				Christian doctrine he will walk as a confident man who will work hard
				in life and hope to receive eternal life. If I am incorrect do prove
				your statement to be correct. Show me a statistic that supports your
				claim. I do not think anyone can claim absolute certainty about
				anything, and this is why I used the word unlikely in my argument. I
				cannot point to statistics because that data has not presently been
				collected to support either of our claims. Fortunately, statistics are
				not the only means for substantiating an argument; I have presented
				you with a logical progression of ideas that demonstrates why one
				might conclude my initial claims to be more probable than any other
				alternative. I challenge you to actually address that rationale and
				demonstrate where and why my reasoning itself is fallible. I see. So
				basically "in some cases" is the crutch of your argument since its
				applicability is not general but case specific. I can give an "in some
				cases" bit on Atheistic homes. I can create scenarios that seems
				abusive. &amp; etc. It is not the crutch of my argument, but an
				extension upon it. There is a reason I said "the harm can be even
				greater" (in reference to the harms already established as inherent to
				religion generally). I have readily acknowledged that atheists can be
				equally fallible, because my argument all along has not been that no
				atheists are abusive but that there is greater capacity for non-
				abusive comportment within the atheistic perspective than in the
				theistic perspective on account of the latter's innate indoctrinal
				attribute.
				[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-14T07:12:01+00:00 - Side: Yes]

					I already did: emotional and cognitive retardation. Poorly done. You
					simply wish to make things appear worse than they are. In fact I think
					a person could ask a child themselves and ask "Do you feel abused by
					your parents teaching you there religion?". Religion demands full
					acceptance of its tenets as a matter of faith, without and even in
					some cases against evidence and reason; this is closed-mindedness,
					clear and simple. Incredibly untrue especially since more churches are
					adding apologetic teachings to their ministries. That isn't close
					mindedness. In fact they were open minded going in. Most children
					barely care about church. Do you honestly think the child feels
					"abused"? The primary difference between you and I is that you value
					the subjective and I value the objective. True. I would love to debate
					with you on other topics as well since you argue clear and fluidly, if
					you wouldn't mind of course. Rather than avoid reality we should learn
					(and teach our children) to live with reality as it is. The conflict
					and distress over reality is not innate, but a consequence of our
					forming the very attachments to an idealized world that religion
					teaches people to make (e.g. our lives have meaning, there is an
					afterlife, etc.). Religion creates the expectation for that which we
					cannot prove exists, and in some cases for which we can say probably
					does not exist; it sets us (and the child) up for disappointment. I
					shall not contest this since I completely agree. I have presented you
					with a logical progression of ideas that demonstrates why one might
					conclude my initial claims to be more probable than any other
					alternative. I challenge you to actually address that rationale and
					demonstrate where and why my reasoning itself is fallible. I disagree.
					I do not see how you have effectively demonstrated your progression of
					ideas, but I guess that depends on our preferences between
					subjectivity and objectivity. What I do not understand is the actual
					abuse. You seem to highlight the semi-agreed upon negatives of
					religion, but what about the positives felt by the child? How do we
					actually know how the child feels on the inside besides bored from
					sitting in church?
					[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-16T01:23:18+00:00 - Side: No]

						Poorly done. You simply wish to make things appear worse than they
						are. In fact I think a person could ask a child themselves and ask "Do
						you feel abused by your parents teaching you there religion?" Not
						really, this was just a consolidated version of my more extensive
						argument above. You can ask the child if they feel abused and they can
						say no, but that does not mean they are not being abused. People can
						and too often are in abusive situations without recognizing that that
						is what they are. Abuse is not determined exclusively on the abused
						considering themselves to be abused, but upon the full context. As a
						child being indoctrinated into religion you have no way of
						appreciating the ways in which that will limit your perspective or
						your capacity for emotional and cognitive growth. Incredibly untrue
						especially since more churches are adding apologetic teachings to
						their ministries. That isn't close mindedness. In fact they were open
						minded going in. Most children barely care about church. Do you
						honestly think the child feels "abused"? Do the apologetic teachings
						state that God might not be real, that there may be no meaning to
						life, that there may be no free will, that there may be no objective
						good and evil, etc. and that this is consistent with the truth of the
						religion? If not, then my point stands. If these apologetics assert
						anything as a truth then they are not open minded. Whether or not the
						child cares about church does not change the fact of their exposure to
						unsubstantiated assumptions asserted as truth over and over; the child
						will integrate the ideas as truths without even realizing they are
						doing it regardless if they want to be there. And again, whether the
						child feels abused does not change the context of abuse. True. I would
						love to debate with you on other topics as well since you argue clear
						and fluidly, if you wouldn't mind of course. Certainly. Did you have
						anything particular in mind? Or do you merely anticipate bumping into
						each other again down the line? I shall not contest this since I
						completely agree. I see aversion to reality and the construction of
						attachment as innate to religion, however. I suspect this is where me
						differ on this issue? What I do not understand is the actual abuse.
						You seem to highlight the semi-agreed upon negatives of religion, but
						what about the positives felt by the child? I do not deny that there
						can be positives, but that does not mean there are no negatives. (A
						parent who feed their child, helps them with homework, etc. might also
						beat them.)
						[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-16T02:14:11+00:00 - Side: Yes]

							As a child being indoctrinated into religion you have no way of
							appreciating the ways in which that will limit your perspective or
							your capacity for emotional and cognitive growth. I see, but how will
							we know a child limitations on emotional and cognitive growth? What of
							some children will lack development in accordance to another who will
							develop further and not lack that of which it's fellow friend has? If
							you favor full cognitive development do explain how religion will
							hinder the growth of it. I'm curious to learn how. meaning to life,
							that there may be no free will, that there may be no objective good
							and evil, etc. and that this is consistent with the truth of the
							religion? If not, then my point stands. If these apologetics assert
							anything as a truth then they are not open minded. I'm not too sure.
							I'm going to hold your statement as valid anyhow. Certainly. Did you
							have anything particular in mind? Or do you merely anticipate bumping
							into each other again down the line? Seeing as you are actually rather
							wise in rhetoric and debate skills I wouldn't mind bumping into down
							the road, but if a particular topic comes to mind I will challenge you
							to a debate and hopefully contest the knowledge you currently hold and
							may obtain. I see aversion to reality and the construction of
							attachment as innate to religion, however. I suspect this is where me
							differ on this issue? Indeed, this may be a debate on viewpoints
							rather than objective quantities. I do not deny that there can be
							positives, but that does not mean there are no negatives. (A parent
							who feed their child, helps them with homework, etc. might also beat
							them.) I agree.
							[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-19T04:54:44+00:00 - Side: No]

								I see, but how will we know a child limitations on emotional and
								cognitive growth? What of some children will lack development in
								accordance to another who will develop further and not lack that of
								which it's fellow friend has? If you favor full cognitive development
								do explain how religion will hinder the growth of it. I'm curious to
								learn how. I do not believe in "full" cognitive development, but in
								realizing varied degrees of cognitive potential. Religion restricts
								greater cognitive development because it teaches its mythology as the
								absolute and incontrovertible truth; it inherently constructs a world
								perspective resistant to critical analysis and evolving ideology.
								Religion also demands that this "truth" be taken on faith, without and
								in some cases even against actual evidence and/or reason; this
								inherently constructs a disposition against reason and critical
								thought. There are specific ideas which are also harmful to cognitive
								development, such as the concepts of evil and sin. There are some
								particular ideas common in religion which I consider damaging to
								emotional development as well. The assumption of afterlife, cosmic
								purpose/meaning, free will, etc. are not only all unsubstantiated, but
								actively substitute immediate emotional gratification for genuine
								emotional introspection and development. Rather than confront what is
								emotionally uncomfortable, religion teaches us to deny it. I'm not too
								sure. I'm going to hold your statement as valid anyhow. What
								statement? It was a question, followed by a conclusion if you answered
								in a particular way. If you are accepting that apologetics teach that
								any of those things are true (which was my angle), then you are also
								accepting that my conclusion is true. Unless you demonstrate that
								apologetics are not teaching any absolute truth, then your point
								falls. Seeing as you are actually rather wise in rhetoric and debate
								skills I wouldn't mind bumping into down the road, but if a particular
								topic comes to mind I will challenge you to a debate and hopefully
								contest the knowledge you currently hold and may obtain. Thank you,
								and I shall look forward to future debates on other issues. Indeed,
								this may be a debate on viewpoints rather than objective quantities. I
								think my viewpoint at least is grounded in the objective; holding
								perspective is not innately exclusive of objective reality. I agree.
								Okay.
								[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-20T17:59:07+00:00 - Side: Yes]

									Well, Jace I'm going to decide you the victor. I can't think of ways
									to over come your arguments. Seems like you have many years of
									experience.
									[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-20T18:22:46+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			Not always, religion is designed to steer people in the right
			direction, not to close their minds; in the olden days, it may have
			been the case that religious faculty were strictly against science and
			its principles, but it is no longer the case.
			[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-11T09:24:51+00:00 - Side: No]

				Not always, religion is designed to steer people in the right
				direction, not to close their minds Oh, really? Please explain how
				teaching an unsubstantiated and even actively invalidated set of
				beliefs as absolute and incontestable truth does not encourage a
				closed mind. Add to that that a failure to believe is usually
				accompanied by threats of eternal damnation, and I think your claim
				becomes even more fallible. Religion is a power structure that evolved
				as a mechanism of social control. It functions by compelling obedience
				to certain norms by teaching an absolute truth, threatening
				punishment, and feeding off of and perpetuating common human
				insecurities. If you want to call that the "right direction"... in the
				olden days, it may have been the case that religious faculty were
				strictly against science and its principles, but it is no longer the
				case. Again, seriously? Religion still resists science, frequently.
				Reference the evolution "debate", for instance. Or consider stem cell
				research, or sexual orientation, or just about every pertinent issue
				where science contradicts a religiously derived belief.
				[Posted by Jace at 2014-07-14T06:12:09+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Religions should be same as alcohol an cigarettes from 21+ .
[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-11T11:37:10+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Especially if it's a bad one, like Christianity
[Posted by SexyBanana at 2014-04-14T21:54:03+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	Especially if it's a bad one, like Christianity Yeah, because the
	number two religion in the world is oh-so-tolerant of different ideas
	right?
	[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-15T01:46:50+00:00 - Side: No]

Just as a form of mental abuse - something like this, a belief is an
intrinsic part of someone and it is unfair to use force to get someone
to do something. In the end, it is the child's choice - disparate from
asking a child to do his/her homework. Religion is a commitment and
forcing your child to conform to someone else's personal beliefs
should not be tolerated. How is it not different from a form of
suppression? Even though your child will come to harm from having a
religion you may not agree with - forcing them to conform to your way,
although it might be better for them shouldn't be the response.
Clearly the child would need guidance and support but never be forced
into something. This will ultimately have a negative effect,
especially upon a relationship.
[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-10T10:10:05+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Is forcing your child to subscribe to political viewpoints, like
supporting feminism, child abuse?
[Posted by pakicetus at 2014-04-11T04:01:07+00:00 - Side: No]

	Political viewpoints such as feminism is about improving and
	equalizing the human race. Religion/faith does none of that. Forcing a
	child to believe in something that you do, regardless is a form of
	child neglect.
	[Posted by blacklab2287 at 2014-04-11T04:13:19+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Wow, if you honestly believe that then you have been brainwashed by
		fear mongering and propaganda and you dont think for yourself, how
		does religion not do that? Anyone who uses religion as an excuse for
		violence is extremely misled and should rethink their views, that
		doesnt mean religion itself is bad.
		[Posted by gratedebator at 2014-04-11T04:48:29+00:00 - Side: No]

			That is true - a gun is made to kill by the hands of the owner.
			[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-10T13:06:12+00:00 - Side: No]

	Yes. Forced indoctrination of a child into any ideology is abusive.
	However, that secular indoctrination can occur is in no way a negation
	of the reality that forced religious indoctrination is still also a
	form of child abuse.
	[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T17:39:34+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		So, if we can't "indoctrinate" children with any viewpoint, how do we
		teach them?
		[Posted by pakicetus at 2014-04-14T18:18:10+00:00 - Side: No]

			You emphasize the process not the conclusion; teach children how to
			think critically about ideas and to form their own viewpoints based on
			their observations independent of any presumed "truths" (religious or
			otherwise).
			[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T02:39:15+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				I honestly doubt that would work. Nearly all young children lack the
				critical thinking skills to be able to make informed decisions. While
				allowing children to hold whatever viewpoint they want seems alright
				to me, that doesn't mean we should let them do whatever they think is
				acceptable either.
				[Posted by pakicetus at 2014-04-16T03:00:00+00:00 - Side: No]

					You cannot legitimately reduce the scope of the debate to include
					only those children too young to be incapable of thinking. Even if you
					do, you would necessarily be discussing children too young to fully
					grasp the religious ideologies they are being taught. Even were that
					not the case, then I would contend that it is more abusive to
					indoctrinate children into unsubstantiated, harmful ideologies before
					they have the capacity to critically consider them. Not indoctrinating
					children into a religious ideology is not at all the same thing as
					"letting them do whatever they think is acceptable."
					[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-17T03:32:08+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				Exactly. all you can do is guide them - you can't stop someone being
				depressed or taking drugs if that is what they want.
				[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-10T13:11:34+00:00 - Side: Yes]

					Technically, neither depression nor drug addiction are willful (even
					under the common assumption that we have free will). More accurate to
					say that we cannot entirely prevent depression and drug addiction from
					occurring, so rather than teach our children to condemn both as
					immoral/sinful we teach them how to engage with both effectively when
					they do arise.
					[Posted by Jace at 2014-07-11T05:14:59+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			Do you have to ask? Teach them morality, humanity, honesty and love.
			Then let them choose for themselves - your parents don't make your
			decisions for you like who you love and get married to in the future!
			Do they want to/ have to?
			[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-10T13:09:35+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				your parents don't make your decisions for you like who you love and
				get married to in the future! Those are decisions people make for
				themselves, as adults. Not really relevant. Teach them morality,
				That's gonna be pretty tricky without delving into politics and
				religion.
				[Posted by pakicetus at 2014-07-15T03:52:40+00:00 - Side: No]

	No, but is supporting feminism potentially life - changing or
	irreversibly damaging?
	[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-10T13:05:23+00:00 - Side: No]

		Potentially, yes.
		[Posted by pakicetus at 2014-07-15T03:43:57+00:00 - Side: Yes]

No. Why would it be? Does the child scream and cry for help when you
teach him a particular religion? No. I don't see how it could ever be
child abuse. If it is then teaching your child anything and not
letting them find out for themselves is child abuse.
[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-11T16:28:12+00:00 - Side: No]

	Nor would a child scream and cry for help if you were to sexually
	touch them. The point is whether 1) it infringes a child's right to
	autonomy 2) it causes long term harm.
	[Posted by Atrag at 2014-04-18T12:41:49+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Nor would a child scream and cry for help if you were to sexually
		touch them I'm fairly positive the child will say something if the
		parent is doing something of this nature. Either that be a scream,
		shout, or a yell. it infringes a child's right to autonomy Who says
		that right exists? Rights are simply mental constructs for the benefit
		of those that fit under it description. I don't think rights exist at
		all. Humans just share ideas and argee or disagree on what they find
		to be beneficial. Even if the right to autonomy is granted what about
		the parents right to autonomy by wishing to indoctrinate her child?
		Shall you prohibit one to allow the other? it causes long term harm.
		What is the long-term harm of teaching a child a religion?
		[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-19T04:45:43+00:00 - Side: No]

			I'm fairly positive the child will say something if the parent is
			doing something of this nature. Either that be a scream, shout, or a
			yell. Not at all. If it is done by a trusted adult, young children do
			whatever that adult says as their body is forced to feel things that
			they don't have the capacity to process. The child smiles through
			their abuse and only later when they comprehend what has happened to
			them do they realise how it has effected their development. I don't
			think rights exist at all. Okay. Then nor does morality. This is a
			valid argument but not something I can ascribe to. Rights are, at
			least in part, social constructs but this does not mean they do not
			exist. What is the long-term harm of teaching a child a religion? It
			disconnects them from reality. It teaches them that there is a
			creature in the sky that is more important than their friends, their
			family and anything else on the Earth and that this creature should be
			valued above everything else. This is a very dangerous. It leads to a
			complete lack of empathy and disregard for a shared morality that is
			normally developed through natural interaction with others within
			society.
			[Posted by Atrag at 2014-04-19T13:39:36+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				This is the part of the argument I wish to focus on. It disconnects
				them from reality. Religion cannot completely disconnect you from
				reality. Especially Christianity since it requires you to practice the
				faith within reality. I don't see how a disconnection within reality
				constitutes abuse. People with mental disabilities can be seen as
				disconnected from the world. Are they abusing themselves? No. There is
				no abuse at all. It teaches them that there is a creature in the sky
				that is more important than their friends, their family and anything
				else on the Earth and that this creature should be valued above
				everything else. So? Most humans will put themselves before anything
				else. This "big man in the sky" is seen as the grand master protector
				for those who follow the faith. It's not like they shut out friends
				and family, in fact their doctrine teaches them to care for one
				another and to care for their enemies. This is a very dangerous. It
				leads to a complete lack of empathy and disregard for a shared
				morality that is normally developed through natural interaction with
				others within society. Prove it. You know it doesn't. Christianity for
				example, as stated above, pushes for a moral good in absolute truth.
				Christians are to suscribe to the law of the land, thus they must
				follow the rules everybody else follows. This is in no way dangerous.
				In fact it is beneficial since Christian are not to be arrogant to law
				or humanity. That isn't abuse. Your argument doesn't constitute
				anything to uphold you position in this debate. Okay. Then nor does
				morality. This is a valid argument but not something I can ascribe to.
				Rights are, at least in part, social constructs but this does not mean
				they do not exist. Rights don't exist. Unless you can hand me my
				rights. You cannot. You can hand me a paper communicating what
				"rights" you wish to give me, but what if I chose something else? Are
				my other "rights" not as valid as yours? What about someone who wishes
				to have malicious "rights"? Not at all. Incorrect sir. In fact most
				abuse cases actually constitute abuse since they involve neglect and
				present scarring and damage. Either mentally, physically, cognitively,
				or emotionally. Neglect is a prime factor with abuse. Thus a child
				will, in fact, scream, kick, shout, when being abused.
				[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-19T15:15:00+00:00 - Side: No]

					People with mental disabilities can be seen as disconnected from the
					world. Are they abusing themselves? No. There is no abuse at all. And
					if someone makes someone mentally disabled to the point where they
					cannot connect with reality? This is abuse. Most humans will put
					themselves before anything else To me I put my friends and family
					before anything else. No Christian can ever say this. hristianity for
					example, as stated above, pushes for a moral good in absolute truth
					There you have the problem. It is this 'pushing'. Christians,
					disconnected from the morals we share, feel duty bound to push society
					towards their own believes. I can't blame them. If I believed that
					something was right then I'd push for it too. The problem is that this
					believe does not come from the process of their own interactions with
					other people, but rather it comes from "The Big Book of Morals" (The
					Bible). This allows them to campaign for the persecution of gays,
					women etc. Sometimes 'persecution' may be justified if those people
					are doing something morally wrong (e.g. it is justifiable to persecute
					criminals for their activities) but when the only basis is a big
					book... how do you expect an atheist to react? How can you justify
					that your book isn't dangerous when you use it to advocate suffering
					of people you see as immoral? Neglect is a prime factor with abuse.
					Thus a child will, in fact, scream, kick, shout, when being abused
					Read about sexual abuse. You clearly have no idea. If a father touches
					their small child inappropriate they do not go running and screaming
					out of the house. It is different to many other forms of abuse and the
					child doesn't always recognise that what is happening to them is an
					abuse.
					[Posted by Atrag at 2014-04-19T16:03:28+00:00 - Side: Yes]

						And if someone makes someone mentally disabled to the point where
						they cannot connect with reality? This is abuse. I agree, but if you
						wish to link that to religion you are taking too many leaps since
						religion requires you to interact with reality. To me I put my friends
						and family before anything else. No Christian can ever say this. This
						is the internet, you can be as brave as you wish, but when the
						predicament strikes most people will fend for themselves. It's human
						nature. Also, you are not a representative sample of 7 billion people.
						It doesn't matter if a Christian can say it or not. It doesn't
						constitute abuse. There you have the problem. It is this 'pushing'.
						Christians, disconnected from the morals we share, feel duty bound to
						push society towards their own believes. Christians are not
						disconnected to shared morals. In fact morality is highly subjective.
						Thus interpretation and opinions vary between individuals. Christians,
						Muslims, Taoists, etc, wish to share their views. Their morality is
						their own, the same as your own. Your views on what's right and what's
						wrong are subjective. Same for Christians. Again, this doesn't
						constitute abuse. The problem is that this believe does not come from
						the process of their own interactions with other people, but rather it
						comes from "The Big Book of Morals" (The Bible). This allows them to
						campaign for the persecution of gays, women etc. Interactions with
						other people? No. You obtain morals by what has been written by past
						humans. The laws they have set you live by. Christians do the same.
						Again, doesn't constitute abuse. Sometimes 'persecution' may be
						justified if those people are doing something morally wrong (e.g. it
						is justifiable to persecute criminals for their activities) but when
						the only basis is a big book... how do you expect an atheist to react?
						The bible is a book of laws. America, or any nation, has a book of
						laws that tell us what we can and cannot do. What's the difference?
						Still, you aren't displaying what abuse is in play.  How can you
						justify that your book isn't dangerous when you use it to advocate
						suffering of people you see as immoral? First, do not call it my book.
						It isn't my book. Second, Atheists say we simply cease to exist.
						Oblivion, I'd say that worse. I'd rather have a shot at eternal life.
						Also what if purgatory exists? How do we know if God is not Odin? Or
						Ra? Read about sexual abuse. You clearly have no idea. If a father
						touches their small child inappropriate they do not go running and
						screaming out of the house. It is different to many other forms of
						abuse and the child doesn't always recognise that what is happening to
						them is an abuse. So how does that relate to teaching a child a
						religion as abuse? You have yet to do so and are getting off topic.
						[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-19T18:24:00+00:00 - Side: No]

							This is the internet, you can be as brave as you wish, but when the
							predicament strikes most people will fend for themselves. It's human
							nature. In absolutely no circumstance should a perfect Christian put a
							member of his family before pleasing God. Irrespective of whether
							atheists sometimes put themselves before their family, a Christian
							should never put their family before their faith. This is the evil
							that Christianity creates. Thankfully there are Christians that aren't
							very good Christian that would put their family before their faith but
							they are not as good a Christian as they should be. Their morality is
							their own, the same as your own. Your views on what's right and what's
							wrong are subjective. Same for Christians. I'll try and explain how
							they are not the same. Child A is raised a Christian. Child B is
							raised an atheist. Child A is taught that homosexuality is wrong.
							Child B is left to form his own opinion. Both children met homosexuals
							throughout their lives. They see that they are good people and that
							there is nothing about their sexuality that causes harm to other.
							Child B assimilates all of his experiences and forms a view based on
							his observations: he wants gay people to be happy and sees no harm in
							what they do. Child A experiences the same things but his morality
							develops differently. Irrespective of the fact that he himself wants
							gay people to be happy and sees no harm in their acts, homosexuality
							is immoral to him. He campaigns strongly for limits to the rights of
							homosexuals. His justification? Because the Bible, his church, and his
							parents told him so. Both children learn from their experiences, that
							is true. The difference is that child A MUST not follow his own
							feelings and justifications for gay relations. He MUST follow the
							Bible. Or else he is not a Christian. By forcing a child to be a
							Christian you create an self-identity that directly conflicts with the
							morals they may develop. Interactions with other people? No. You
							obtain morals by what has been written by past humans. The laws they
							have set you live by. Christians do the same. Again, doesn't
							constitute abuse. On the first day of law school they asked us all to
							raise our hands if we have committed any crimes this week. Most of us
							should have raised our hands as there are many small things that we do
							everyday that are probably prohibited. Personal morality and law is
							not the same. There are many things that are legal but immoral (being
							generally a prick to people is one example) and there are many things
							that are illegal but moral to society at large (laws on copyright and
							certain frauds, for example). An atheists morality is not bound by
							law. So how does that relate to teaching a child a religion as abuse?
							You have yet to do so and are getting off topic It was not off-topic.
							It was a rebuttal to your original statement that it cant be abuse
							because the child does not cry. A child does not always cry at abuse.
							[Posted by Atrag at 2014-04-19T19:28:22+00:00 - Side: Yes]

								In absolutely no circumstance should a perfect Christian put a member
								of his family before pleasing God. Irrespective of whether atheists
								sometimes put themselves before their family, a Christian should never
								put their family before their faith. This is the evil that
								Christianity creates.  No, and again, stating that this is evil is
								your subjective interpretation of anothers actions. Even so that
								predicament is not inherently evil. In fact it only contests some
								ideals that society holds. Society is only the accumulation of
								rejected and accepted ideals by authority figures in society. This
								argument is weak in and of itself. Thankfully there are Christians
								that aren't very good Christian that would put their family before
								their faith but they are not as good a Christian as they should be.
								Useless information that doesn't show that teaching a child a religion
								is child abuse . I'll try and explain how they are not the same. Child
								A is raised a Christian. Child B is raised an atheist. Child A is
								taught that homosexuality is wrong. Child B is left to form his own
								opinion. Both children met homosexuals throughout their lives. They
								see that they are good people and that there is nothing about their
								sexuality that causes harm to other. Child B assimilates all of his
								experiences and forms a view based on his observations: he wants gay
								people to be happy and sees no harm in what they do. Child A
								experiences the same things but his morality develops differently.
								Irrespective of the fact that he himself wants gay people to be happy
								and sees no harm in their acts, homosexuality is immoral to him. He
								campaigns strongly for limits to the rights of homosexuals. His
								justification? Because the Bible, his church, and his parents told him
								so.Both children learn from their experiences, that is true. The
								difference is that child A MUST not follow his own feelings and
								justifications for gay relations. He MUST follow the Bible. Or else he
								is not a Christian. By forcing a child to be a Christian you create an
								self-identity that directly conflicts with the morals they may
								develop. This follows a biased assumption as well. You assume that
								Christians aren't accepting of gays when the bible clearly tells them
								not to judge other and to treat them better than they would treat
								themselves, thus your entire argument is flawed. Even then there are
								Atheists who don't like gays. You are aruing with a biased intent. You
								have flawed your own argument while ignoring the principles of
								religion. Christians are commanded to accept gays. I still see no
								child abuse. Also is morality is subjective then again the child abuse
								is absent since morality isn't objective. This lack of objectivity
								allows for the formation of many different moral codes. Personal
								morality and law is not the same. There are many things that are legal
								but immoral (being generally a prick to people is one example) and
								there are many things that are illegal but moral to society at large
								(laws on copyright and certain frauds, for example).An atheists
								morality is not bound by law. This is the same for Christians.
								Christians are to obey law in the same fashion Atheists do. Atheists
								may hold opinions that differ from the law in the same fashion as a
								Christian would. Again, where does this constitute child abuse? It was
								not off-topic. It was a rebuttal to your original statement that it
								cant be abuse because the child does not cry. A child does not always
								cry at abuse. I see. So then relate that to the teaching of religion
								and demonstrate how this is child abuse. You have yet to show me how.
								[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-19T20:23:59+00:00 - Side: No]

	Yes they do refuse, scream and ignoring it. That why you deny them
	desert if they do not do some rituals. Scaring them with infinite
	suffering in hell if they don't do another ritual .Lying them, telling
	them that Bible is like a real textbook... This is core thing of all
	religion, scaring kids to make sure that you will have enough drones
	in future.
	[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-12T14:10:43+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Show me an instance where someone was teaching their child their
		religion and the child was screaming in fear and pain. Please link me
		to some evidence to support yourself. Scaring them you say? How so?
		Can a religious child not grow uo to be an astronaut? Doctor? Athlete?
		Lawyer? Police officer? Scientist? What scaring will occur? It's no
		different from me telling my child that when he dies he will no longer
		exist and everything will blow into oblivion with nothing left in
		existence.
		[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-12T15:03:30+00:00 - Side: No]

			We have atheist astronauts doctors etc... so there is obviously no
			need to scare children with imaginary la la land full of pain if they
			reuse to do idiotic rituals over and over again...
			[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-13T11:21:47+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				Okay? So a Christian can pretty much have the jobs that Atheists do.
				So obviously there is no abuse. The child is not being harmed. The
				child doesn't run away scream for help when you tell him the story of
				Jonah and the whale or Daniel and the lions. There is no scaring. You
				would most likely give your child a Christian coloring book or kids
				book. Im sure Atheists don't want to scare their children either with
				other worldly applications such as war, disease, famine, etc.
				[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-13T13:40:17+00:00 - Side: No]

					Child can develop in something like you, a deluded zealot that does
					not difference between bronze age mythology a real world issues, being
					against gay marriage because some stone age moron wrote it down, or
					being against stem cell research, abortions, evolution, astrophysics
					etc... it can fuck up kids with nothing to balance that risk.
					Christianity is useless in its best... so there is no gain in it.
					[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-13T15:09:41+00:00 - Side: Yes]

						I see. Well, I haven't given you my personal views and I shall not
						since they aren't any of your business. So trying to define me is
						futile.  it can fuck up kids with nothing to balance that risk. What's
						wrong with having a different opinion? Also I do not agree with these
						things you posted.
						[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-14T05:26:16+00:00 - Side: No]

							What's wrong with having a different opinion? Also I do not agree
							with these things you posted. It is not different opinion it is a
							dogma with violent past based of bronze age fairytales
							[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-18T16:07:49+00:00 - Side: Yes]

								A dogma based on bronze age fairytales? Ah so like modern America
								with a horrible past and is based on those bronze age fairytales then?
								I guess just about any country that has committed a vile act is
								"wrong".
								[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-19T04:48:48+00:00 - Side: No]

									A dogma based on bronze age fairy tales? Yes that is exactly what
									Christianity is.
									[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-19T14:31:04+00:00 - Side: Yes]

										So America is a wrong place then? Along with most other countries?
										Then they are equal to the religion itself in measures of wrongdoing?
										That's fine with me.
										[Posted by Paradox44 at 2014-04-19T15:16:59+00:00 - Side: No]

		This is core thing of all religion, scaring kids to make sure that
		you will have enough drones in future. Religion must really be a
		problem where you come from.
		[Posted by Nebeling at 2014-04-15T11:37:43+00:00 - Side: No]

But you will teach them about evolution and other science-y things.
That's kinda the same thing. Instilling in them a mindset. Otherwise
they won't know anything. They need a foundation to grow as a person
however they want.
[Posted by NiggerFaggot at 2014-04-19T10:14:08+00:00 - Side: No]

	But you will teach them about evolution and other science-y things.
	That's kinda the same thing. Instilling in them a mindset. Otherwise
	they won't know anything. Teaching children objectively probable
	truths is not remotely comparable to teaching them subjective,
	unsubstantiated opinions. They need a foundation to grow as a person
	however they want. Yes, but some foundations are objectively better
	than others.
	[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-20T18:08:59+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Generally, a child's religion is determined by the parents by
default. With that model in mind, there's loads of ways to look at
this: 1. "Child abuse" refers to going against the child will and
forcing him/her to do something the child would not want to do.
According to the model, the child's religion is decided the very
moment he/she is born, and at this point the child is a little too
young for this planet to imply that he/she has an opinion about
something as complex as religion. So if the child has free will,
parents hold the right to decide what is good and bad for the child,
and it is in the proposers' interest to believe that parents will be
sane enough to do the right thing. 2. Say the child grows into a 9 or
10 year old, maybe even a teenager. He/she will not have the required
maturity to decipher which religion echoes his/her internal thoughts.
Instead, they'll like a religion that is less demanding in terms of
time and energy rather than one that defines them. I believe that a
decision based on practicality and ease cannot be the best decision to
make when choosing a religion, not only because the teachings of the
religion and what religions stand for is more important, but also
because choice of religion sends out a firm message of how somebody
thinks and a carelessly chosen religion will, therefore, have
detrimental effects on a person's image in society. 3. Most religions
preach the same thing: to be good human beings. Yes, the ways are
different. But the idea is the same. The differences in religions,
therefore, are too minute for children to decipher. When they grow
old, they certainly have the freedom to change their religion because
that's when they have the mental maturity to understand the slight
differences in the various religions.
[Posted by SidRonCon at 2014-04-24T17:40:45+00:00 - Side: No]

I know that it isnt right, but I dont think it can be considered as
child abuse. The responsibility of the parent is to guide their
children towards the right path. They are only sharing to their
children what works for them. But of course, children should have the
rights to refuse
[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-11T03:13:01+00:00 - Side: No]

	I believe sharing is different than forcing. I can share you some
	food but I can`t force you to eat it, you`ll have to eat it willingly.
	This analogy may apply to the case presented. I can share to my
	children my beliefs and if sometime they grow weary of it, then I
	think it would be alright for them to follow their own.
	[Posted by ezekiel_roma at 2014-04-13T17:23:25+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		There is forced indoctrination and there is expression of personal
		belief, but there is also a coercive in-between. Most religious
		indoctrination is not outright forceful, but is coercive as a
		consequence of the assertion of religion as an absolute and
		incontrovertible truth by parents/guardians who by nature of their
		relationship with the child exert incredible authority. This imbues
		religion with a false legitimacy, and persuades vulnerable children to
		believe in something which is harmful to their emotional and cognitive
		maturation.
		[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T17:43:13+00:00 - Side: No]

			I believe that is already part of the system in a religion. As mere
			individuals in a family we can only do so much as to prevent or assert
			these influences in our child. Probably when the child gets older then
			he may dispute such authority from his parents. Children are too young
			to understand such doctrines anyway and not realize such kind of abuse
			until they grow of age.
			[Posted by ezekiel_roma at 2014-04-13T17:52:52+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				That is not a refutation of my point, nor is it even correct. That
				children are incapable of distinguishing between actual truth and what
				their parents tell them is true only underscores the abusive nature of
				religious indoctrination. A parent/guardian can do more than oppose or
				support the influence of religious institutions and ideas upon their
				children; they can teach their children how to think and evaluate
				ideas rather than asserting that something is true or false. A child
				taught to think can reach their own conclusions; a child taught that
				any thing is an absolute truth likely cannot.
				[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T18:15:04+00:00 - Side: No]

					Children are too young to comprehend such beliefs even if they are
					taught by their parent. A 3 year old child for an example would find
					it difficult to comprehend the such concepts thus it would only be a
					burden to both parties if explained.
					[Posted by ezekiel_roma at 2014-04-16T05:20:09+00:00 - Side: Yes]

						You cannot legitimately reduce the scope of a debate on all children
						to include only children three years and younger. Even if we look only
						at children who are too young to grasp ideas your argument is
						seriously lacking; it is far less burden to not teach any ideology
						until the child is old enough for comprehension than to teach them any
						particular ideology.
						[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-17T03:29:06+00:00 - Side: No]

							When the child is ready to make his own choices, then he can just
							simply change his beliefs and leave the religion. Teaching an ideology
							to a child is`t necessarily forcing it to them but rather a form of
							introduction.
							[Posted by ezekiel_roma at 2014-05-10T06:06:46+00:00 - Side: Yes]

								Firstly, this is entirely non-responsive to every point I made.
								Secondly, it is incorrect. Indoctrination into any ideological
								perspective, but especially one which teaches subjective faith as
								objective fact, is not something one simply sets aside.
								[Posted by Jace at 2014-05-11T04:46:09+00:00 - Side: No]

								Indoctrinate (v): to teach (someone) to fully accept the ideas,
								opinions, and beliefs of a particular group and to not consider other
								ideas, opinions, and beliefs. It is exceedingly rare that religious
								parents present their faith to their children as an "introduction"
								that is only a possibility and which could be incorrect. Religion is,
								by necessity, taught as an absolute and incontrovertible truth.
								Consequentially, not only are children brought up to reject
								alternatives offhand, but they are taught that shifting their ideology
								will lead to eternal damnation. This means that they cannot "simply
								change beliefs and leave the religion".
								[Posted by Jace at 2014-05-13T04:47:02+00:00 - Side: No]

		Well, they can always leave the group when they grew up. I see no
		problem in parents nurturing their child to be someone similar to them
		[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-14T00:43:35+00:00 - Side: No]

			Well, they can always leave the group when they grew up. 1. I think
			you miss the point of indoctrination: it prevents people from
			developing the critical thinking abilities they need to leave the
			indoctrinated perspective. 2. Making that argument is like saying that
			some children can still have better lives after being physically
			abused; it may be true, but it does not change the fact of the abuse.
			I see no problem in parents nurturing their child to be someone
			similar to them The problem is that it is not nurturing, for the
			reasons I expressly observed.
			[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-14T04:59:36+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				1. So how was that supposed to change anything? Religion, by
				definition, is but a mere group of believers. It is different from a
				cult of madmen such as Westboro and KKK. 2. No it's not. There's no
				problem in joining any congregation that violates no law.
				[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-14T08:16:19+00:00 - Side: No]

					1. Religion does not have to be extremist to be close-minded. 2. This
					is an unsubstantiated assertion, and is also non-responsive to my
					point.
					[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T02:37:46+00:00 - Side: Yes]

						1. Tell me more of how religion was close-minded in the founding of
						civilization, invention of code of conducts and keeping people united
						during tragedies. Hell, 51% of scientists are believers (41% atheists,
						8% agnostics). Are you going to say that they are frauds? 2. Explain
						how, please?
						[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-15T04:16:13+00:00 - Side: No]

							1. I sacrificed my earlier nuance for the sake of brevity; allow me
							to (re)clarify my earlier point: religion creates ideological close-
							mindedness, necessarily rejecting anything that contradicts whatever
							it asserts as the absolute, incontrovertible truth. People can be
							ideologically close-minded and still invent the wheel because the
							wheel does not undermine God. People can be scientists, and still be
							ideologically close-minded on matters not pertaining to their field of
							study (or else bend their research to promote their ideological
							agenda). 2. Um... it is unsubstantiated because you did not
							substantiate it? And your argument that religion existing does not
							make it wrong does not actually engage with the rationale I provided
							explaining why religion is problematic.
							[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T04:27:38+00:00 - Side: Yes]

								1. Yeah right, like ive never heard of that edgy generalization
								before. Now explain how Charles Darwin remained a theologist despite
								the fact that his discoveries disproves the Genesis. Even Einstein
								condemned atheism. What's your excuse now? 2. sigh You claimed that
								teaching religion is not nurturing but all your reasons are some copy-
								paste complains about creationists and extremists while trying to
								avoid the contributions of religion in the advancement of civilization
								and philosophy of the society.
								[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-15T04:43:35+00:00 - Side: No]

									Yeah right, like ive never heard of that edgy generalization before.
									If you have heard of it before, then you should know how to refute it
									by now. How about giving that a go? Or, you know, just keep
									sidestepping the main argument instead. Now explain how Charles Darwin
									remained a theologist despite the fact that his discoveries disproves
									the Genesis. Even Einstein condemned atheism. What's your excuse now?
									You misrepresent both Darwin and Einstein, as both were self-described
									agnostics who rejected organized religion at least as much as they did
									atheism. ( Source 1 , Source 2 ) More importantly, that otherwise
									intelligent individuals were ultimately fallible in an area of
									knowledge they did not specialize in does nothing to undermine my
									argument. You claimed that teaching religion is not nurturing but all
									your reasons are some copy-paste complains about creationists and
									extremists while trying to avoid the contributions of religion in the
									advancement of religion and philosophy of the society. You mentioned
									extremists and creationists; my argument has never been premised upon
									either. I presented what remains an unrefuted rationale demonstrating
									the harms of religion generally. This in no way denies that religion
									has also exerted some positive influences, and I never made that
									claim. Stop putting words in my mouth, and address what I actually
									have said instead. Thanks.
									[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T05:23:55+00:00 - Side: Yes]

										1. There was no misinterpretation. The fact that they despise atheism
										rings a bell about the fact that your beliefs is of no different from
										every single religion available. 2. Do not deny the obvious. Your
										argument was copy-pasted from the ideas posted on each and every
										debates about the Vatican, Islam, Creationists, and Religion in
										itself. Here's a dare: Why not stop using extremists as an example and
										start admitting the advances done by religion?
										[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-15T05:50:27+00:00 - Side: No]

											1. Yes, there was. And no, that does not follow. 2. Seriously? The
											arguments I am making are in direct response to particular statements
											you have made. If they were copy-pasted they would not flow naturally
											into the course of the debate. Even if I had copy-pasted the arguments
											that does not make them any less legitimate, or your avoidance of them
											any less marked. Regarding your dare: I already have. This "debate" is
											a farce which I am quite done indulging.
											[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T22:31:11+00:00 - Side: Yes]

												1. Prove it? 2. Not really. My arguments are about how there's no
												problem in parents sharing their religion to their child. Your
												arguments on the other hand, is but mere complains about extremists.
												To judge the majority over the acts of the worst side is not only
												cliche, it is also stupid. I already have. Where's your list?
												[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-16T16:53:15+00:00 - Side: No]

													1. I already did. With two sources and an explanation. Go back and
													read. 2. No. My argument is (and always has been) that all religion,
													moderate and extreme, is harmful to children. Go back and read.
													Where's your list? What list?
													[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-17T04:04:09+00:00 - Side: Yes]

														1. Your two sources were about Darwin and Einstein's belief. Both of
														them says that despite their excellent knowledge in the field of
														science, they shun upon atheism. Guess you know what that means 2. Too
														bad the researches says otherwise What list? Stop embarrassing
														yourself, you know what I am talking about.
														[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-17T04:53:18+00:00 - Side: No]

															1. Can you read? 2. What "researches"? Actually, I do not know. That
															is why I bloody well asked.
															[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-17T22:33:41+00:00 - Side: Yes]

																1. No, she can't. I have actually proved it in a previous debate.
																Don't put anything past the first sentence.
																[Posted by Cartman at 2014-04-17T23:57:46+00:00 - Side: Yes]

																1. Yes and I know well that Einstein and Darwin shuns upon atheism.
																2. The overwhelming researches that proves religion brings benefits I
																was daring you to stop using extremists as an example and list down
																all the advances contributed by religion throughout history. You may
																start at how advanced science and medicine
																[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-17T23:11:53+00:00 - Side: No]

																	1. You do not know it. You believe it contrary to evidence that has
																	been presented to you. I am done "debating" this with you. 2. In order
																	as presented: (A) Bad link, directs to Frobes landing page. (B) When
																	this source actually backs its claims with source citations they are
																	inevitably 15 years or older. This is terribly outdated, and has been
																	countered by more current research ( e.g. "Our results suggest that
																	further work is warranted to explore the causal mechanisms by which
																	religiosity is protective for adolescents. Needed is both theoretical
																	work that identifies mechanisms that could explain the different
																	patterns of empirical results and surveys that collect data specific
																	to the hypothesized mechanisms.") (C) Most of the benefits in this
																	source are conditioned by uncertainty, inconsistency,non-uniqueness,
																	lack of definite/probable causal relationship, or off-setting
																	drawbacks like obesity and less confidence in career prospects. The
																	rest tend, again, to reply upon vaguely referenced studies without
																	citations. (D) This is flagrantly false. See this and this , for
																	starters. I was daring you to stop using extremists as an example For
																	the final time, I never did. Period. Done. and list down all the
																	advances contributed by religion throughout history. You may start at
																	how advanced science and medicine Why would I make your arguments for
																	you? Please.
																	[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-17T23:53:37+00:00 - Side: Yes]

																		1. Actually, your so called "evidence" supported me. Is there a
																		problem? 2. (A) My bad (B) You just picked out a random link, have
																		you? Your very source was even more outdated than mine (yours was
																		published in 2003, mine was 2008) and simply compares the health risks
																		between public and private religion. And to add insult to injury, it
																		even admitted that they need further studies. If you (C) And I suppose
																		you can prove LiveScience wrong then? (D) Your first link was the
																		crime rate of the world Second link discusses the rise of secularism
																		and decline of religion in developed countries. How is that connected
																		to anything? I understand that you need to find some articles to
																		support your claim. But seriously, please read your own references
																		before posting it Why would I make your arguments for you? Its not an
																		argument, its a fact. And you just failed the dare.
																		[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-18T02:19:48+00:00 - Side: No]

																			1. Yes. The problem is you cannot read. 2. (A) Yep. (B) I know your
																			article was written in 2008, but its sources are all more than 15
																			years old. The study I cited does observe the relationship between
																			public and private religion to health because this is what we are
																			debating ; I fail to see the problem. And the study observed that as a
																			field more research needs to be done into actual causality; if this is
																			true in the 2000s then it was definitely true in the 1980s and 1990s
																			where your source draws its information from. (C) I do not need to
																			disprove what has never been proven to begin with. (D) First Source
																			Yes, because your source made a flagrantly false claim that "thanks in
																			no small part to America’s rich religious culture, the nation has far
																			lower crime rates". To be that glaringly incorrect discredits the
																			author completely. Second Source No, it observed that secularism
																			correlates to stronger societies more than religiosity which directly
																			contradicts the assertion you have made and which your source also
																			attempted to make. I understand that you need to find some articles to
																			support your claim. But seriously, please read your own references
																			before posting it. I am not the one with reading issues. Its not an
																			argument, its a fact. And you just failed the dare. A "fact" which you
																			have not proven. A "fact" that I have no burden to prove. I have not
																			failed the dare, I have refused to engage it because it is idiotic.
																			You have not proven any of your claims. Even if you had, they are
																			widely off target from the initial question and do not remotely
																			invalidate my argument because positives do not magically erase
																			negatives. I am tired of being blamed for what is either your slothful
																			application to the research or actual incapacity for reasoned thought,
																			and decline to persist in this farce any longer. Expect no further
																			reply.
																			[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-18T05:01:25+00:00 - Side: Yes]

																				1. That's so cute of you to deny the fallacy of your arguments 2. (B)
																				Read your own source. Its references came from 1985 What are you
																				talking about? Your source merely compared the health of individuals
																				between public and private religions- it made no further study about
																				the health risks of being in a secular group. Pro Tip: Doesnt mean
																				that the title said "religion", doesnt mean you can use it in a
																				religious argument P.S Rule of science is that a hypothesis is false
																				until proven true, which means that unless your source has finished
																				the study, it is not complete. (C) Then you agreed with LiveScience,
																				hence you admitted I won (D) What's incorrect about it? The guy made
																				some valid claims about how religion maintains social stability. You
																				have no idea how crime rates work, do you? There are many factors that
																				affects the moral instability (e.g financial situation, political
																				feuds,law enforcements, etc) your source spoke only of the presence of
																				religion in such places. Only a fool will believe that religion alone
																				dictates the well-being of a nation. A "fact" which you have not
																				proven. The evidences are right in front of you. Denial can only get
																				you so far.
																				[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-18T05:36:36+00:00 - Side: No]

	Most children are not intelligent enough to make such choices. Unless
	they're being abused, they follow the rules.
	[Posted by pakicetus at 2014-04-11T03:59:40+00:00 - Side: No]

		I started making my own decisions about wherever God existed or not
		since the age of about seven. I agree Children should have to follow
		the rules there parents set like what time they go to bed, how long
		they watch T.V. etc. but it is stupid parent's have no right to force
		them follow their religion. You do not own your kids, they can choose
		for themselves. "They aren't clever enough" is not a good enough
		reason. Their are plenty of adults who are less intelligent than
		certain Children. Should they have less rights because they are
		unintelligent?
		[Posted by TheEccentric at 2014-04-11T09:02:45+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			Of course children should be allowed to choose. However, that doesn't
			mean raising your child to be of a certain religion is child abuse.
			[Posted by pakicetus at 2014-04-12T01:15:56+00:00 - Side: No]

	I support it mostly. I think it would be a form of neglect. If a
	person is so obtuse that they need a book to help them be a good
	person, they shouldn't be teaching anybody anything. They should be
	the ones being taught.
	[Posted by blacklab2287 at 2014-04-11T04:14:53+00:00 - Side: No]

		But it is important to tell them that Bible is not encyclopaedia or
		textbook they need to know that it is purely based on mixture of
		bronze age myths.
		[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-11T14:58:34+00:00 - Side: Yes]

	In the vast majority of cases they are not just sharing their views
	with their children. They are telling their children that their
	religious beliefs are absolute and incontrovertible truths, at a point
	when their authoritative relationship with the child imbues these
	views with a false air of legitimacy. In most cases, the child is also
	informed repeatedly that if they do not adopt the same views they will
	live in eternal suffering. This is an abuse of authority, and it is
	harmful to the emotional and cognitive maturation of the child.
	[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T17:46:13+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Religion being abused by the majority doesn't mean that it is wrong.
		I can use the gun laws as an example here.
		[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-14T00:39:36+00:00 - Side: No]

			Religion being abused by the majority doesn't mean that it is wrong.
			Forceful indoctrination into religion is the subject of this debate,
			not religion generally. My statements were that those instances are
			child abuse, not that this makes religion wrong (though I consider it
			so for other reasons). I can use the gun laws as an example here. You
			could, but it is not a very good one.
			[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-14T04:57:12+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				No its not. The subject of this debate is right on the title: "Is
				forcing your child to be a certain religion, a form of child abuse?"
				From which I claim that guiding a child in spiritual views is part of
				parenthood. You're the one forcing indoctrination into the argument.
				[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-14T08:16:17+00:00 - Side: No]

					Yes it is. The debate explicitly frames the issue in the context of
					force .
					[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T02:32:59+00:00 - Side: Yes]

						Again, it does not. How can a child be forced when he never resisted
						in the first place?
						[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-15T04:16:14+00:00 - Side: No]

							The existence of force is an implicit assumption in the debate
							question; if you do not like that then make your own debate and stop
							arguing on this one. Besides which, you are assuming the child never
							resisted.
							[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T04:20:13+00:00 - Side: Yes]

								The fact that they are a child, the fact that parenthood tackles
								nurturing, the fact that parents desire their children to be like
								them, and of course, the fact that religion in itself is but a mere
								social organization of believers.
								[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-15T04:43:33+00:00 - Side: No]

									The fact that they are a child, the assertion that parenthood tackles
									nurturing, the assertion that parents desire their children to be like
									them, and of course, the assertion that religion in itself is but a
									mere social organization of believers. Care to substantiate your
									"facts"?
									[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T05:27:53+00:00 - Side: Yes]

										Care to prove me wrong?
										[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-15T05:50:22+00:00 - Side: No]

											No. You made the assertions, you can back them up.
											[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T22:24:49+00:00 - Side: Yes]

												It's pretty much common knowledge among pediatricians. But since you
												asked: Here
												[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-16T16:53:11+00:00 - Side: No]

													This has nothing to do with any of the claims you made in this
													instance. As a reminder of what you said: - parenthood tackles
													nurturing - parents desire their children to be like them - religion
													in itself is but a mere social organization of believers The Study
													Since you shared it, here are my thoughts on the article on the study.
													Firstly, it is not the study itself and does not specifically cite it
													so critical examination is limited. Secondly, the article indicates
													that the conclusions were reached not upon actual, observable behavior
													but on parents' subjective opinions on their children's behavior; this
													could lead to any number of problems in the data, not the least of
													which is that parents may have different understandings of what
													constitutes good and bad behavior, may be more or less observant than
													other parents, etc.
													[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-17T03:39:26+00:00 - Side: Yes]

														sigh - parenthood tackles nurturing - parents desire their children
														to be like them - religion in itself is but a mere social organization
														of believers Firstly, it is not the study itself and does not
														specifically cite it so critical examination is limited. Click the
														blue texts- it's their references Secondly, the article indicates that
														the conclusions were reached not upon actual, observable behavior but
														on parents' subjective opinions on their children's behavior I believe
														you have a research that proves them wrong?
														[Posted by Centifolia at 2014-04-17T04:53:19+00:00 - Side: No]

Raising your sons to believe it is ok to be gay when it increases
your odds of getting HIV 50 fold is child abuse. Valuing dual income
over having someone there for your children is child abuse Thinking
divorce is ok and raising a kid without their father is child abuse
Raising your boys to be something other than a man, or raising your
girls to be something other than a woman is child abuse. Raising your
children to be open to influence from a world without respect for
life, decency, or honor is child abuse.
[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-11T17:28:44+00:00 - Side: No]

	Fallacy 1: Indicating other instances of potential child abuse does
	not prove that forcing a child to be religious is not child abuse as
	well. Raising your sons to believe it is ok to be gay when it
	increases your odds of getting HIV 50 fold is child abuse. Fallacy 2:
	Teaching respect and acceptance to children does not predispose them
	to be homosexual. Fallacy 3: Being homosexual does not increase your
	risk of contracting HIV/AIDS. Engaging in risky behavior (e.g.
	promiscuity, unprotected sex, etc.) increases you risk of contracting
	all STIs, and this is true for both homosexuals and heterosexuals. The
	reason risk behavior is likely greater amongst homosexuals is because
	safer sex education has not been equally accessible to this
	demographic, in part because parents reject their childrens'
	orientation and fail to educate them and in part because social stigma
	has failed to provide equal information and access to homosexual
	persons. Fallacy 4: Transmission rates for other STIs are actually
	higher in heterosexual populations than in homosexual populations.
	Picking one STI to defend your point provides an incomplete picture.
	Fallacy 5: Not all religious indoctrination condemns homosexuality.
	Religious persons can force their child into religious practice/belief
	while also teaching acceptance of homosexuality. Valuing dual income
	over having someone there for your children is child abuse. Fallacy 6:
	Homosexual couples do not place dual income over supporting their
	children any more than heterosexual couples. Homosexual couples can
	also have a stay at home partner, just as heterosexual couples can
	both be working partners. Thinking divorce is ok and raising a kid
	without their father is child abuse. Fallacy 7: Divorce can be
	damaging to children, however in some contexts divorce can actually be
	the better choice for a child. Examples include instances of domestic
	abuse, child abuse, and domestic unrest from bad marriages. Raising
	your boys to be something other than a man, or raising your girls to
	be something other than a woman is child abuse. Fallacy 8: Whether you
	are referencing "traditional" gender roles or transgender identities,
	you have no basis for your claim. Fallacy 9: Actually, raising
	children to conform to "traditional" gender roles is harmful (not the
	other way around). For instance . Raising your children to be open to
	influence from a world without respect for life, decency, or honor is
	child abuse. Fallacy 10: Religion is not the only source (nor even the
	best source) for raising a child with respect for life, decency, and
	honor.
	[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-13T17:37:55+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Fallacy 3: Being homosexual does not increase your risk of
		contracting HIV/AIDS. Engaging in risky behavior (e.g. promiscuity,
		unprotected sex, etc.) increases you risk of contracting all STIs, and
		this is true for both homosexuals and heterosexuals. The reason risk
		behavior is likely greater amongst homosexuals is because safer sex
		education has not been equally accessible to this demographic, in part
		because parents reject their childrens' orientation and fail to
		educate them and in part because social stigma has failed to provide
		equal information and access to homosexual persons. I don't actually
		want to support the idea that it's child abuse to tell your son it's
		ok to be gay (hence why I'm clarifying rather than disputing), but
		your statement here is rather misleading. Anal intercourse with an
		infected partner does, in fact, carry a higher risk of transmission
		than vaginal intercourse with an infected partner, for several
		reasons(1). Similarly, vaginal intercourse with an infected partner
		carries a higher risk of transmission than oral sex with an infected
		partner. Furthermore, there is, as you noted, a higher incidence of
		risky behaviour amongst homosexual males than amongst heterosexuals,
		and a larger proportion of infected homosexual males than
		heterosexuals, as a result of all factors involved. I also believe
		that the lack of pregnancy risk is an additional contributing factor
		to risky behavior amongst homosexuals as opposed to heterosexuals.
		Now, it's true that anal intercourse is not exclusive to homosexual
		males- heterosexual couples are known to indulge as well. However,
		anal intercourse is far more prevalent amongst male homosexual
		couples. All else being equal, a homosexual male is at a higher risk
		of contracting HIV than a heterosexual individual. It should also be
		noted that a heterosexual individual is at a higher risk of
		contracting HIV than a homosexual female. Still- stating that being a
		homosexual male does not increase an individuals risk of contracting
		HIV is blatantly false. This does not mean children should be
		encouraged not to be gay- that is an exercise in futility, as sexual
		orientation is not chosen consciously. Telling your son that it is not
		ok to be gay is extremely flawed and damaging, regardless of the
		reasoning behind it. But we shouldn't be making misleading statements
		because they are politically correct- homosexual males, heterosexual
		individuals, and homosexual females all have different overall risks
		of contracting HIV, due to the nature of each demographics
		proclivities towards various sexual activities- all else being equal,
		of course. (1)- Anal intercourse is riskier for several reasons.
		Firstly, the tissues of the intestines carry the specific function of
		absorbing nutrients and moisture from their contents into the
		bloodstream. Even without damage, it is significantly easier to
		contract a disease when body fluids are deposited in the intestines as
		compared to the vagina for this reason. Secondly, the large intestine
		does not lubricate naturally, nor is it as elastic as vaginal tissue.
		This both increases the prevalence and severity of microtears forming
		on both partners, as well as the likelihood of damage occurring to a
		condom when it is used.
		[Posted by thousandin1 at 2014-05-18T22:29:30+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		I agree that religion is not the predominant source of child- abuse
		and yes, much of what you say is true e.g. fallacy 2 - divorces,
		values are what matters but I must disagree with Fallacy 9:
		traditional has much credibility, it was formed over generations for a
		sound reason - it is not to be mistaken as 'the out-dated and
		suppressive way'. It wouldn't do well to simply ignore the fact that
		your ancestors and many generations preceding you followed this
		'traditional' way of life. Everything is subject to change and a very
		definite example is our VALUES. I believe you should not condemn
		homosexuality and that there is ALWAYS more than one side to every
		story. Yes, not all religious doctrines condemn this, but isn't
		religion ultimately how we perceive it? Why is it that when Islamic
		religions ( as an example) are in favour of world peace and honour
		there exists who attribute their actions to religion- the 'extremists
		and terrorists?' They can be deeply religious and no less a part of
		the faith as anyone else despite the fact that the actions they engage
		in are treated as if they are inexplicable. Really, the biggest
		fallacy of all is saying we can all agree where to draw the line for
		abuse and our personal beliefs.
		[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-10T10:35:35+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			Fallacy 9: traditional has much credibility [...] I placed
			"traditional" in quotations for a reason. Contemporary, western
			conceptions of gender roles actually have a very shallow history. Even
			if that were not the case, I disagree that tradition has "much
			credibility". Human beings and our actions are illogical at least as
			often as they are sensible. The moment a tradition (or something
			viewed as tradition) is established as being more harmful than
			beneficial it loses its credibility. I contend that this is the case
			with gender norms, not as a matter of assumption but of fact. Human
			identity is diverse and multifaceted, and to force it into (arbitrary)
			boundaries is a consequence not of function but of social power
			dynamics dysfunction. Everything is subject to change and a very
			definite example is our VALUES. My point precisely. Glad you agree.
			[...] They can be deeply religious and no less a part of the faith as
			anyone else despite the fact that the actions they engage in are
			treated as if they are inexplicable. I do not think anything I said
			contradicts that observation. I fully acknowledge the diversity of
			perspectives that exist concurrently within faith groups (and take
			that as further evidence against their legitimacy). What I do think is
			that, to varying degrees, all of these views are damaging and
			constitute abuse when children are indoctrinated into them. Really,
			the biggest fallacy of all is saying we can all agree where to draw
			the line for abuse and our personal beliefs. Then it is fortunate that
			I never said either of those things.
			[Posted by Jace at 2014-07-11T05:12:03+00:00 - Side: No]

				It is fortunate then. I do acknowledge the fact that you did not
				contradict my observation when I said They can be deeply religious and
				no less a part of the faith as anyone despite the fact that the
				actions they engage in are treated as if they are inexplicable... but
				if you ask most religious children or people who were indeed religious
				from a very early age, you will find that the majority did not have
				these supposedly 'legitimate' views of a particular faith sprung upon
				them or in your words 'indoctrinated' in them. (If I may bring some
				scientific observations into this argument) during puberty/
				maturation, the child has already a 'mind of their own', we already
				question and form our own opinions, so it is true that they may be
				pushed or nudged in a particular direction, but ultimately, it is
				their choice. -hyperlink- To varying degrees, all of these views are
				damaging and constitute abuse when children are indoctrinated into
				them If I may say, I do disagree, though I do appreciate this precise
				outlook on the matter. You could say that believing in
				[Posted by HumannamuH at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				It is fortunate then. I do acknowledge the fact that you did not
				contradict my observation when I said They can be deeply religious and
				no less a part of the faith as anyone despite the fact that the
				actions they engage in are treated as if they are inexplicable... but
				if you ask most religious children or people who were indeed religious
				from a very early age, you will find that the majority did not have
				these supposedly 'legitimate' views of a particular faith sprung upon
				them or in your words 'indoctrinated' in them. (If I may bring some
				scientific observations into this argument) during puberty/
				maturation, the child has already a 'mind of their own', we already
				question and form our own opinions, so it is true that they may be
				pushed or nudged in a particular direction, but ultimately, it is
				their choice. - see hyperlink- To varying degrees, all of these views
				are damaging and constitute abuse when children are indoctrinated into
				them If I may say, I do disagree, though I do appreciate your precise
				outlook on the matter. Especially: Human identity is diverse and
				multifaceted, and to force it into (arbitrary) boundaries is a
				consequence not of function but of social power dynamics dysfunction.
				Yet, I still dispute the 'indoctrination' part, most of what we know
				e.g. the most fundamental principles of right and wrong can be
				attributed to our upbringing and therefore, our parents, but much
				abuse can come from within that person's base personality/ traits.
				Each person is unique in the way that they have their own way of
				thinking and reacting to stimuli and (this also depends on their EQ.)
				Not that parents cannot abuse/ don't abuse children, but
				psychologically, a child is influenced by their exposure to other
				people and experiences. In Japan, most groups are structured
				hierarchically. Individual members have a designated rank within the
				group and responsibilities based on their position. Seniority has
				traditionally been the main qualification for higher rank, and
				socialization of young people in Japan emphasizes respect and
				deference to one’s seniors. This is 'indoctrinated' in Japan's young
				people from a very early age. Now, you can call this 'culture' and at
				the same time, this could even constitutes abuse, but is this actually
				just a different way of living by western standards/ practices? The
				definition of abuse = using (something) to bad effect or for a bad
				purpose; misuse/ treat someone/ thing with cruelty. Is this abuse,
				when the parents are trying to teach the children the best they know
				how? If they believe this is what is best for their development?
				[Posted by HumannamuH at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					but if you ask most religious children or people [...] - see
					hyperlink- Not only is your citation outdated itself, its own
					citations are woefully obsolete (some are more than half a century
					old). More importantly, none of the research in the development
					section indicates an element of deliberate, willful choice. Quite the
					opposite actually; the stages of development into a religious young
					adult parallel those of indoctrination. To trust self-reporting on the
					subject would be like taking the word of someone suffering from
					Stockholm Syndrome that their captor never did anything wrong. [...]
					most of what we know e.g. the most fundamental principles of right and
					wrong can be attributed to our upbringing and therefore, our parents,
					but much abuse can come from within that person's base personality/
					traits. Each person is unique in the way that they have their own way
					of thinking and reacting to stimuli and (this also depends on their
					EQ.) Not that parents cannot abuse/ don't abuse children, but
					psychologically, a child is influenced by their exposure to other
					people and experiences. I have never disputed the influence of other
					factors; indeed, I would contend that the infrastructure of organized
					religion is a strong influence on religious development. Notably,
					parents are introducing and repeatedly subjecting their children to
					that influence. More importantly, however, the existence (and even
					extent) of other influences in no way negates the reality of the
					influence parents bear upon their children. In Japan[...] The
					definition of abuse = using (something) to bad effect or for a bad
					purpose; misuse/ treat someone/ thing with cruelty. Is this abuse,
					when the parents are trying to teach the children the best they know
					how? If they believe this is what is best for their development? The
					distinction I would make between the Japanese seniority system and
					religiosity would be along lines of consequence; if the seniority
					system is more detrimental than harmful then I would contend it is
					also abusive. You do raise a potentially interesting distinction
					between willful and incidental abuse, but I think both fall well
					within common legal understanding of the term abuse: "Any recent act
					or failure to act on the part of a parent or caretaker which results
					in death, serious physical or emotional harm, sexual abuse or
					exploitation." ( source ) Notably, in your own definition you speak to
					either bad effect or bad purpose... indicating your own implicit
					understanding that consequence is of concern at least as much as
					purpose. Basically, intent is not necessary for abuse to occur, though
					knowledgeable abuse would generally be construed as more egregious by
					most people. P.S. I recognize that this is a quite belated response.
					Feel free to disregard it if you like; it will not be construed as
					concession in any way.
					[Posted by Jace at 2014-08-25T03:14:55+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		Fallacy 1: Indicating other instances of potential child abuse does
		not prove that forcing a child to be religious is not child abuse as
		well. True, but it illustrates how liberals indoctrinate their
		children into their worldview as well, even when it directly harms
		them. Fallacy 2: Teaching respect and acceptance to children does not
		predispose them to be homosexual. POSSIBLY, but teaching that
		homosexuality is a sin can discourage them from becoming an active
		homosexual Fallacy 3: Being homosexual does not increase your risk of
		contracting HIV/AIDS. Engaging in risky behavior (e.g. promiscuity,
		unprotected sex, etc.) increases you risk of contracting all STIs, and
		this is true for both homosexuals and heterosexuals. The reason risk
		behavior is likely greater amongst homosexuals is because safer sex
		education has not been equally accessible to this demographic, in part
		because parents reject their childrens' orientation and fail to
		educate them and in part because social stigma has failed to provide
		equal information and access to homosexual persons. Give it a rest,
		being an active homosexual is only possible by either deluding or
		discarding any faith in an Abrahamic religion. In the west, religion
		is what discourages people from promiscuity. Being a homosexual DOES
		increase your risk of HIV, even if it is a secondary effect. It has
		nothing to do with stigma, sex education, or healthcare
		discrimination, which have been pretty much eliminated in the last
		20-30 years... If there was even the slightest indication removal of
		those factors decreases the infection rate among homosexuals, the
		entire country would erupt in a super volcano of academic papers
		shoving it in everyone's face. 5 seconds on google shows homosexuals
		in Europe face similar infection rates as the US. Fallacy 4:
		Transmission rates for other STIs are actually higher in heterosexual
		populations than in homosexual populations. Picking one STI to defend
		your point provides an incomplete picture. source Fallacy 5: Not all
		religious indoctrination condemns homosexuality. Religious persons can
		force their child into religious practice/belief while also teaching
		acceptance of homosexuality. I understand it is a Fallacy (No true
		Scotsman), but you can generally assume I'm excluding liberal
		Christians when I say "Christians" Fallacy 6: I was not talking about
		homosexuals. I was talking about heterosexuals. Fallacy 7: Divorce can
		be damaging to children, however in some contexts divorce can actually
		be the better choice for a child. Examples include instances of
		domestic abuse, child abuse, and domestic unrest from bad marriages.
		...and infidelity, yes I agree. I'm not supporting domestic violence,
		I'm addressing an apathy towards fatherhood. Fallacy 8: Whether you
		are referencing "traditional" gender roles or transgender identities,
		you have no basis for your claim. Yes I do, It is a disease. Denying
		medical treatment for a disease is abusive. Mutilating someone's body,
		literally selling them false hope that they can change genders, is
		abuse. Fallacy 9: Actually, raising children to conform to
		"traditional" gender roles is harmful (not the other way around). For
		instance. A. explain how B. Your link didn't work C. You can pretty
		well assume I'm not going to see things your way because of an article
		from a California university, just like I know full well you are not
		going to see things my way if I just trow Bible verses at you all day.
		I have more respect for peer reviewed journals, but only if they
		contain statistics that actually support what you are trying to say.
		Maybe you should look up the suicide rates of housewives vs
		transsexuals. Fallacy 10: Religion is not the only source (nor even
		the best source) for raising a child with respect for life, decency,
		and honor. Another instance where you and I will just disagree on what
		is good and what is bad, but just for fun, why don't you go ahead and
		tell me what that better source is.
		[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-14T03:21:20+00:00 - Side: No]

			True, but it illustrates how liberals indoctrinate their children
			into their worldview as well, even when it directly harms them. Which
			remains wholly irrelevant to the debate. POSSIBLY, but teaching that
			homosexuality is a sin can discourage them from becoming an active
			homosexual Prove it. Sources. Give it a rest, being an active
			homosexual is only possible by either deluding or discarding any faith
			in an Abrahamic religion. Prove it. Sources. In the west, religion is
			what discourages people from promiscuity. Prove it. Sources. Being a
			homosexual DOES increase your risk of HIV, even if it is a secondary
			effect. It has nothing to do with stigma, sex education, or healthcare
			discrimination, which have been pretty much eliminated in the last
			20-30 years... Prove it. Sources. Since discrimination has lessened,
			so have the rates of HIV/AIDS transmission among homosexuals. In fact,
			"the epidemic has become increasingly an epidemic of non-white
			populations, of women, and of heterosexuals and injecting drug users"
			and "the largest proportional increase has occurred in cases
			attributed to heterosexual transmission" ( source ). source Source 1 :
			overall Source 2 : nongonococcal urethritis, herpes genitalis,
			pediculosis pubis, scabies, and genital warts Source 3 : nongonococcal
			urethritis Source 4 : syphilis Source 5 : urethral Chlamydia
			trachomatis I understand it is a Fallacy (No true Scotsman), but you
			can generally assume I'm excluding liberal Christians when I say
			"Christians" No, actually, I cannot. That being established, however,
			does not legitimize the apparent argument you are making that religion
			is non-abusive because it protects children from becoming homosexuals
			(because not all religion condemns homosexuality). You missed the
			point, and subsequently you have lost it as well. I was not talking
			about homosexuals. I was talking about heterosexuals. Fine. My first
			point stand here to then: so what? Religion does not uniquely solve
			for this, and it does not change the rest of the abusive nature of
			religion at all even if it did. ...and infidelity, yes I agree. I'm
			not supporting domestic violence, I'm addressing an apathy towards
			fatherhood. Again, religion is not a unique solution to this if it is
			a solution at all. Even if it were a solution, this does not change
			the rest of its abusive nature. Yes I do, It is a disease. Denying
			medical treatment for a disease is abusive. Mutilating someone's body,
			literally selling them false hope that they can change genders, is
			abuse. A. Transgender identities have been declassified as a mental
			illness in the DSM-V, having been replaced with "gender dysphoria"
			which references the state of discomfort that may be associated with
			this identity. By the DSM's own admission, the only reason that gender
			dysphoria is even on the books is to retain access to medical
			resources for transgender persons who have historically been shut out
			of all forms of medical treatment (not just transitional services). B.
			Even among those who consider transgenderism to be a mental illness,
			the most effective medical treatment has consistently been identified
			as supporting the person through transition (not denying them it).
			There has been no success is eliminating dysphoria through therapy or
			medication, but aligning the physical self with the cognitive self has
			been proven to work. C. I am transgender. I was designated female at
			birth and was raised to be a woman, but this did not prevent me from
			later identifying as a man. I am pursuing transition, not because I
			hate my body but because that is the only way I can get other people
			to treat me as the man I am. If I could not change my body, if society
			could accept that I am a man with a female body, I would not need to
			pursue transition. As it is, failing to do so leads not just to
			invalidation of my identity but jeopardizes my career and places my
			life and well-being in serious risk on a regular basis. Most of that
			danger comes from conservative religious people. A. explain how B.
			Your link didn't work C. You can pretty well assume I'm not going to
			see things your way because of an article from a California
			university, just like I know full well you are not going to see things
			my way if I just trow Bible verses at you all day. I have more respect
			for peer reviewed journals, but only if they contain statistics that
			actually support what you are trying to say. A. See B. B. Apologies. I
			cannot find the original article any longer but here are additional
			sources: #1 &amp; #2 &amp; #3 . I recognize that two are abstracts,
			but they do include citations to additional pertinent research. I
			would also remind you that while I have at least made effort at
			procuring evidence in my counter claim you have yet to provide any for
			your initial claim. C. The difference between a California study and
			the Bible is that the study has been peer-reviewed and includes a
			methodology which can be understood and critiqued, whereas the Bible
			makes no gesture towards any evidential standard at all. Maybe you
			should look up the suicide rates of housewives vs transsexuals. I do
			not have to. As a transgender person I am already distinctly aware in
			a way you could not possibly be. Perhaps you should educate yourself
			as to the actual reasons for that increased prevalence: foremost among
			them being discrimination. Does it really come as any surprise to you
			that an oppressed demographic would suffer from higher rates of
			suicide? Truly? Please. Another instance where you and I will just
			disagree on what is good and what is bad, but just for fun, why don't
			you go ahead and tell me what that better source is. I do not hold a
			personal morality myself, and do not actually see things in terms of
			good and bad as you do. That said, I think any secular source is
			innately better than a theistic source because it has a greater
			capacity for incorporating critical thought (whereas this attribute is
			anathema to religion). Baseline : You have presented no evidence for
			any of your many assertions, yet make repeated calls for more
			substantiation of my counter claims; in truth, the primary burden of
			proof is upon you and you have utterly failed to support it. Even if
			everything you have claimed were true, and even if you could then
			prove that religion is the only way to address those issues, you would
			still not have disproved that religion can also be a form of child
			abuse on account of its other attributes (e.g. indoctrination, dogma,
			superstition, etc.). Present proof and a coherent argument, or I am
			disinclined to persist in listening to your espousal of uniformed and
			frankly intolerant beliefs.
			[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-14T06:29:16+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				Which remains wholly irrelevant to the debate. Accusing your
				opposition to the same thing they are accusing you of is not
				irrelevant. Prove it. Sources.
				http://tobingrant.religionnews.com/2014/ 02/03/ change-ethics-
				homosexual-sex- extramarital-affairs/ Prove it. Sources. Since
				discrimination has lessened, so have the rates of HIV/AIDS
				transmission among homosexuals. In fact, "the epidemic has become
				increasingly an epidemic of non-white populations, of women, and of
				heterosexuals and injecting drug users" and "the largest proportional
				increase has occurred in cases attributed to heterosexual
				transmission" I did a pretty long post about this elsewhere, male
				homosexuals are still half of the new HIV cases and only 1% of the
				population. In Europe they are still many many times more likely than
				a heterosexual to contract HIV even though there is little to no
				stigma there. Source 1: overall Source 2: nongonococcal urethritis,
				herpes genitalis, pediculosis pubis, scabies, and genital warts Source
				3: nongonococcal urethritis Source 4: syphilis Source 5: urethral
				Chlamydia trachomatis You said heterosexuals are more likely to
				contract other diseases. You should have used the qualifier "some". I
				wouldn't have disputed it. Your original statement implies HIV is the
				only STD to impact male homosexuals more than others. No, actually, I
				cannot. That being established, however, does not legitimize the
				apparent argument you are making that religion is non-abusive because
				it protects children from becoming homosexuals (because not all
				religion condemns homosexuality). You missed the point, and
				subsequently you have lost it as well. Actually you can because I just
				clarified what I meant. As an atheist you should appreciate that if
				someone is changing long held, indisputable beliefs about God to
				something they are more comfortable with, what they are worshiping is
				not God. They are just worshiping their own imagination. Changing a
				belief about a deity to one that will make you appear to be more
				tolerant and acceptable to the world, so that the world believes your
				deity is omnipotent and infallible, is counterintuitive since you had
				to fix a "flaw" with him in the first place. Fine. My first point
				stand here to then: so what? Religion does not uniquely solve for
				this, and it does not change the rest of the abusive nature of
				religion at all even if it did. Christian beliefs do not contain
				anything about a capability of its followers to stop all the sin in
				the world. We can't even stop all the sin within the church. We can,
				however, lessen it ( see the report above ) A. Transgender identities
				have been declassified as a mental illness in the DSM-V, Similar
				situation as liberal churches. Changing what is a disease and what
				isn't a disease to appease political correctness simply does not make
				any sense. B. Even among those who consider transgenderism to be a
				mental illness, the most effective medical treatment has consistently
				been identified as supporting the person through transition Yes, and
				the best treatment for someone who is suicidal is to shove them off a
				bridge. Problem solved. I am pursuing transition, not because I hate
				my body but because that is the only way I can get other people to
				treat me as the man I am. You are mutilating your body, not because
				you particularly want to, but because you want others to see you as a
				man? Has it ever crossed your mind that you will NEVER be a man. It is
				100% impossible to change genders. You can try to imitate a man, sure.
				You can change the outward appearance of your body, good for you. Go
				through with it and for the rest of your life you wont' be a man, you
				won't be a woman, you will just be something in between. B. Apologies.
				I cannot find the original article any longer but here are additional
				sources: #1 &amp; #2 &amp; #3. I recognize that two are abstracts, but
				they do include citations to additional pertinent research. Reading
				the abstracts, there are again differences between what the writers
				considered "negative" and what I would consider "negative". Consider
				the conflict of interest of a psychologist saying we need to stop
				raising boys to be masculine because they are more likely to view
				seeking psychological help negatively. Other negative aspects (as far
				as I can tell from the abstract they were considered negative ) were
				"pursuit of status" and "desiring to be more muscular" "risk taking"
				"dominance" "self reliance" .... come on. As a woman who wants to be a
				man, these things are "negative" to you? I would also remind you that
				while I have at least made effort at procuring evidence in my counter
				claim you have yet to provide any for your initial claim. I concede
				there is an overwhelming resource you have that I don't have. You can
				prize your resource all you want, I prize mine. Again though, I am
				always interested in surveys and statistics. I think most of them you
				have brought me help me as much as they help you. Does it really come
				as any surprise to you that an oppressed demographic would suffer from
				higher rates of suicide? ok fine, Illegal immigrants vs transsexuals.
				That said, I think any secular source is innately better than a
				theistic source because it has a greater capacity for incorporating
				critical thought (whereas this attribute is anathema to religion). If
				you are an atheist you think the bible is man-made anyway. So what
				makes one man-made source of morality better than another? Results.
				The reign of secular morality is in its infancy, and already on life
				support.
				[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-15T01:43:05+00:00 - Side: No]

					Accusing your opposition to the same thing they are accusing you of
					is not irrelevant. Even if alternative perspectives are also guilty,
					this does not make yours any less guilty. So, yes, it is quite
					irrelevant. http://tobingrant.religionnews.com/2014/ 02/03/change-
					ethics-homosexual-sex-extramarital-affairs/ This shows that religious
					opposition to homosexuality has decreased while opposition to
					infidelity has increased, and argues that religious support for same-
					sex marriage may stem from the interest of reinforcing fidelity within
					non-heterosexual relationships. If you are attempting to argue that
					this is equitable to deluding/rejecting religion, then you are grossly
					over-extending both the evidence and analysis because there is no
					proof contained therein that this represents deluding/rejection
					instead of evolution. You still have provided no evidence that
					children raised to be accepting are more likely to become homosexual.
					Consequentially, I consider this point ceded. I did a pretty long post
					about this elsewhere, male homosexuals are still half of the new HIV
					cases and only 1% of the population. In Europe they are still many
					many times more likely than a heterosexual to contract HIV even though
					there is little to no stigma there. Nice source citation. Also,
					entirely non-responsive to my point and my evidence. I was not arguing
					that homosexuals have a lower rate of HIV/AIDS than heterosexuals. I
					was pointing out that that rate has dropped in the homosexual
					population in correlation to increased acceptance, which substantiates
					my earlier argument that the higher rate is itself a consequence of
					resource/education inaccessibility engendered by discrimination
					(whereas the rate has actually increased within the heterosexual
					population). You have not addressed this point; failure to do so again
					will lead me to conclude you cede the point. You said heterosexuals
					are more likely to contract other diseases. You should have used the
					qualifier "some". I wouldn't have disputed it. Your original statement
					implies HIV is the only STD to impact male homosexuals more than
					others. That was fairly implicit in my wording. If you no longer
					contest that point, however, then your overall point is completely
					voided; being homosexual may mean greater risk of contracting some
					STIs but being heterosexual may mean greater risk of contracting some
					other STIs. The harm is non-unique. Actually you can because I just
					clarified what I meant. As an atheist you should appreciate that if
					someone is changing long held, indisputable beliefs about God to
					something they are more comfortable with, what they are worshiping is
					not God. They are just worshiping their own imagination. As an
					atheist, what I actually believe is that all religious belief is a
					projection of what people want to believe without the need to actually
					legitimate those beliefs through reason or proof. You are all
					worshiping your own imagination. At any rate, not all religious people
					condemned homosexuality to begin with so alteration is not at issue.
					Christian beliefs do not contain anything about a capability of its
					followers to stop all the sin in the world. We can't even stop all the
					sin within the church. We can, however, lessen it ( see the report
					above ) Your report does not show that in the least. This is also non-
					responsive to my point: even where religion does good this does not
					counteract the bad it also does. Moreover... if Christianity cannot
					solve for divorce then why make the point to begin with? Changing what
					is a disease and what isn't a disease to appease political correctness
					simply does not make any sense. This is not why the condition was
					declassified. It was declassified because further research indicated
					to practitioners that it was not actually a disorder. If you are going
					to claim otherwise, then you need to actually prove the "trans agenda"
					at work. Otherwise you are arguing an unfounded conspiracy theory.
					Yes, and the best treatment for someone who is suicidal is to shove
					them off a bridge. Problem solved. No, because suicidality is
					responsive to therapy. Gender dysphoria is not. You are mutilating
					your body, not because you particularly want to, but because you want
					others to see you as a man? Has it ever crossed your mind that you
					will NEVER be a man. It is 100% impossible to change genders. You can
					try to imitate a man, sure. You can change the outward appearance of
					your body, good for you. Go through with it and for the rest of your
					life you wont' be a man, you won't be a woman, you will just be
					something in between. I am "mutilating" my body only as much as anyone
					who gets plastic surgery, tattoos, or piercings; this is my body and I
					can do whatever I want to it without needing your approval. You are
					conflating gender identity and biological sex. Gender identity is a
					cognitive state, biological sex is a physical state; the former can
					change though you are correct that physical alterations cannot
					perfectly accomplish a sex change. You presume that I consider myself
					to be a man in the typical, cisgender sense of the word; I don't. I am
					a transgender man (call it "inbetween" if it makes you more
					comfortable), and despite the ignorant bigotry I face every day I am
					comfortable being that person. I am not transitioning because I need
					yours or anyone else's approval; I am transitioning because it is
					safer . Reading the abstracts, there are again differences between
					what the writers considered "negative" and what I would consider
					"negative". You misunderstand both the abstract and my point. They
					list all the causal correlates studies, including the potential non-
					negatives. Your pointing this out does not disprove the link between
					traditional masculinity and aversion to getting proper psychological
					help (unless you truly mean to suggest this is not a negative). I
					concede there is an overwhelming resource you have that I don't have.
					You can prize your resource all you want, I prize mine. Again though,
					I am always interested in surveys and statistics. I think most of them
					you have brought me help me as much as they help you. You don't have a
					resource to prize. You have failed to substantiate any of your
					arguments, having even attempted to do so only for one of your many
					assertions. You have not disproved or turned my substantiation to your
					side (claiming it is not doing it). ok fine, Illegal immigrants vs
					transsexuals. I have no idea what you are trying to do by comparing
					apples to oranges, and at this point I honestly do not care. If you
					are an atheist you think the bible is man-made anyway. So what makes
					one man-made source of morality better than another? They are all
					problematic, which is why I do not hold one. However, I have already
					presented you with a rationale as to why religious morality is more
					problematic than secular morality; this is a rationale you have failed
					to refute (your sole reply being an abstract claim about secular
					morality being on life support). Final Statement I asked you to
					substantiate your assertions. You attempted (and failed) to do so only
					with one tangential claim, and left the others completely
					unsubstantiated. You have given no evidence, no rationale. Much of
					your counter-argumentation has been non-responsive. You have persisted
					in espousing ignorant bigotry without any basis for your statements
					beyond personal, religious prejudice. You statements have been
					consistently close-minded and ill-informed. And in all of this you
					have utterly dodged the actual question of the debate which is whether
					religion is itself abusive. I am done engaging with you at this time,
					so you may expect no further reply after this.
					[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-15T03:43:54+00:00 - Side: Yes]

						I really don't have time to dispute all this... oh well. Even if
						alternative perspectives are also guilty, this does not make yours any
						less guilty. So, yes, it is quite irrelevant. You are either a theist
						or atheist. If atheists are indoctrinating their children too, and you
						want to call that wrong, that would mean almost everyone is doing
						something wrong. It is more difficult to convince people everyone is
						wrong vs trying to convince people another group is wrong but your
						group is right. Anything that weakens your side is relevant. This
						shows that religious opposition to homosexuality has decreased while
						opposition to infidelity has increased, and argues that religious
						support for same-sex marriage may stem from the interest of
						reinforcing fidelity within non-heterosexual relationships. That was
						the main point of the article, but if you take a closer look at the
						graphs they show what I have been saying. People who went to church
						weekly are less likely to approve of homosexuality and extramarital
						affairs. I was not arguing that homosexuals have a lower rate of
						HIV/AIDS than heterosexuals. I was pointing out that that rate has
						dropped in the homosexual population in correlation to increased
						acceptance, which substantiates my earlier argument that the higher
						rate is itself a consequence of resource/education inaccessibility
						engendered by discrimination (whereas the rate has actually increased
						within the heterosexual population). guess again
						http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ wonkblog/wp/2013/04/12/ in-the-u-
						s-the-hiv-prevention-fight-has- stalled/ That was fairly implicit in
						my wording. If you no longer contest that point, however, then your
						overall point is completely voided; being homosexual may mean greater
						risk of contracting some STIs but being heterosexual may mean greater
						risk of contracting some other STIs. The harm is non-unique. uh huh,
						your right, should we start comparing fatalities? At any rate, not all
						religious people condemned homosexuality to begin with so alteration
						is not at issue. All Christian groups started from a handful of
						churches going back to the time of the Apostles. They all universally
						condemned homosexuality. At some point in time, all the churches today
						that accept homosexuality had to make that change in their past. I
						understand to you we might all be the same, but would you equate
						someone who follows a 2,000 year old religion to say, a Scientologist?
						Some churches have changed their view of homosexuality even more
						recently than they came around! Your report does not show that in the
						least. This is also non-responsive to my point: even where religion
						does good this does not counteract the bad it also does. What bad?
						Valuing the life of an unborn child is bad? Teaching the golden rule
						is bad? Wanting the homosexuals to leave us alone is bad? If all
						religion is false, and there is no higher authority, than by what
						authority do you judge us as "bad". Moreover... if Christianity cannot
						solve for divorce then why make the point to begin with? Because it
						can give people the knowledge that divorce is not the right thing to
						do. It teaches people to think of something bigger than themselves. It
						idealizes the intact family while the most popular consensus among
						athiests will always to be to just do what makes you feel good now.
						This is not why the condition was declassified. It was declassified
						because further research indicated to practitioners that it was not
						actually a disorder. If you are going to claim otherwise, then you
						need to actually prove the "trans agenda" at work. Otherwise you are
						arguing an unfounded conspiracy theory. I would be very interested in
						seeing your best peer reviewed article on that subject. No, because
						suicidality is responsive to therapy. Gender dysphoria is not. You are
						telling me no one has ever been successfully treated for gender
						confusion without surgery? I am "mutilating" my body only as much as
						anyone who gets plastic surgery, tattoos, or piercings; Generally
						speaking, while many of those also are accurately described as
						mutilation, they usually don't destroy someone's reproductive function
						and completely change who they are. Gender identity is a cognitive
						state, Yes, and when your cognitive state is not reconciled with
						reality or possibilities it is a sign of a MENTAL DISORDER. call it
						"inbetween" if it makes you more comfortable ... it doesn't and
						despite the ignorant bigotry I face every day ... that you bring upon
						yourself You misunderstand both the abstract and my point. They list
						all the causal correlates studies, including the potential non-
						negatives. Your pointing this out does not disprove the link between
						traditional masculinity and aversion to getting proper psychological
						help (unless you truly mean to suggest this is not a negative).
						Independence and confidence are positives... Manhood 101 You don't
						have a resource to prize. You have failed to substantiate any of your
						arguments, having even attempted to do so only for one of your many
						assertions. You have not disproved or turned my substantiation to your
						side (claiming it is not doing it). My resource has lead me to a very
						good place in my life right now... You can put your happiness in the
						hands of surgeon you don't really know who is just in it for the
						money. Good luck. Plus, 99% of the exchanges we have had are just
						opinions and our own personal views on things. I can have an opinion
						and a line of reasoning without citing resources every step of the
						way. So can you... Actually if you notice, you didn't give a single
						reference in your entire last posting. I have no idea what you are
						trying to do by comparing apples to oranges, and at this point I
						honestly do not care. I think you said something about comparing the
						happiness of people who conform to gender vs people who don't. So I
						proposed we compare the suicide rates of housewives vs transsexuals.
						Then you said "well that is because transsexuals are oppressed" or
						something like that. To which I responded we should compare the
						suicide rates of illegal immigrants to transsexuals then. Your group
						is more suicidal than housewives and more suicidal to people who are
						authentically discriminated against. Maybe you should consider the
						possibility that your non-conformity to both society and nature that
						lead to so many suicides.
						[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-16T09:25:18+00:00 - Side: No]

			At least you realize your fallacies
			[Posted by SexyBanana at 2014-04-14T21:55:10+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				At least you realize your fallacies fallacy singular, I confessed to
				one out of the ten he tried to claim...............................
				[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-16T09:29:29+00:00 - Side: No]

	Lets look at these one at a time. You are assuming that "gay" is a
	choice and that it is something you are taught. You probably also
	believe you can "Pray away the gay". The "go forth and multiply" is an
	easy way to have too many children to the point that dual incomes are
	needed. This statement insinuates that anyone with gay children has
	raised them to be gay. This is not the most ridiculous idea I've ever
	heard, but it's close. Children should be raised not to be influenced
	by anyone. Especially people who believe in things that are based on
	faith. They need to be taught critical thinking skills and come to
	their own conclusion on how the world works.
	[Posted by knowthyself at 2014-04-12T00:07:04+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		You are assuming that "gay" is a choice and that it is something you
		are taught. You probably also believe you can "Pray away the gay". If
		you have some gay male friends, ask them if they've ever been with a
		woman- same deal with lesbian friends regarding males. You'll find
		that most homosexuals have, in fact, engaged in heterosexual activity
		at some point. It's just not their preference. -thousandand1 The "go
		forth and multiply" is an easy way to have too many children to the
		point that dual incomes are needed. So if I go out and have 10 kids...
		wife gets pregnant and says "well we just don't have enough money, I
		have to work." So I put 10, going on 11 kids in daycare... what is my
		net gain (assuming my wife isn't a neuro-surgeion, rocket scientist,
		or professional athlete) ? This statement insinuates that anyone with
		gay children has raised them to be gay. This is not the most
		ridiculous idea I've ever heard, but it's close. No, but there are
		parents who refuse to embrace gender norms, and inadvertently push
		gender disorders. I have no doubt there are a lot of well meaning
		Christian parents out there who have been blind-sided by one of their
		kids coming out. Children should be raised not to be influenced by
		anyone. Correct, optimally children should only be influenced by God.
		Especially people who believe in things that are based on faith.
		Correct, so next time there is a discussion on teaching evolution, I
		expect you to stand against it. They need to be taught critical
		thinking skills and come to their own conclusion on how the world
		works. You know, my wife doesn't understand why I'm always having
		these arguments online... There is even a pretty clear biblical
		prohibition against it, (Proverbs 26:4, 2 Timothy 2:14). I just
		consider it proselytizing and feel justified. But what I really feel I
		get out of it is every time someone challenges my faith and pushes me
		into a conflict, my faith is vindicated. I have no desire to be a
		Christian if someone can prove it is wrong... but you can't... what I
		find is usually the opposite. It is an incredible act of arrogance to
		assume everyone who holds a different opinion than you is guilty of
		not using critical thinking. It shows a shameful level of pride in the
		atheist community to assume they have a monopoly on thinking
		objectively.
		[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-12T19:48:40+00:00 - Side: No]

			If you have some gay male friends, ask them if they've ever been with
			a woman- same deal with lesbian friends regarding males. You'll find
			that most homosexuals have, in fact, engaged in heterosexual activity
			at some point. It's just not their preference. -thousandand1 It is not
			matter of preference, it is genetic. Just because your book of
			bullshit is against... nothing changes...
			[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-13T11:27:45+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				A. thousandand1 is gay B. I have yet to see an article that says
				"this is it, this is the gay gene, this gene makes you 99% more likely
				to be gay" C. After you accomplish that, find the bisexual gene. D.
				Realize the entire academic community is sold out on the assumption
				homosexuality is genetic, if proof exists you shouldn't have to look
				to far to find it.
				[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-14T03:31:22+00:00 - Side: No]

					It is not genetic but epi-genetic, it is caused by miss-fire by one
					of fetus protection systems that suppose filter out testosterone. Gay
					people pick their sexuality same way you have picked your hair
					color...
					[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-18T16:03:40+00:00 - Side: Yes]

						It is not genetic but epi-genetic, it is caused by miss-fire by one
						of fetus protection systems that suppose filter out testosterone. Gay
						people pick their sexuality same way you have picked your hair
						color... IF. And I do mean IF that were true... How is it not a
						disease? How is it not something that should be treated and prevented?
						My hair color doesn't make me incapable of living a normal life or
						reproducing.
						[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-18T20:59:53+00:00 - Side: No]

							Most of gays do live better life than you. Your life as a religious
							moron is worthless... How do you "cure" epigenetic miss fire that
							happen in the womb 20 years ago...? That saving person that has been
							shot by travelling back in time and sabotage the gun...
							[Posted by Nox0 at 2014-04-19T14:28:41+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			Whew, finally time to get back to you. If you have some gay male
			friends, ask them if they've ever been with a woman- same deal with
			lesbian friends regarding males. You'll find that most homosexuals
			have, in fact, engaged in heterosexual activity at some point. It's
			just not their preference This is an argument about Freewill and
			Determinism. It does nothing to prove your point. So if I go out and
			have 10 kids... wife gets pregnant and says "well we just don't have
			enough money, I have to work." So I put 10, going on 11 kids in
			daycare... what is my net gain (assuming my wife isn't a neuro-
			surgeon, rocket scientist, or professional athlete) ? If you've got 10
			children, you probably are already in one of those professions or have
			some type of high paying job. Correct, optimally children should only
			be influenced by God Yes, children should be influenced by an
			invisible man in the sky. Makes sense. Correct, so next time there is
			a discussion on teaching evolution, I expect you to stand against it.
			Why would I. It is not faith based. I know, I know, you're going to
			play the "It's just a theory" card. Well Gravity is also a theory, but
			I don't see creationist jumping off of buildings. I have no desire to
			be a Christian if someone can prove it is wrong... but you can't...
			You're right, I can't prove it wrong. Just like you cant prove the
			flying spaghetti monster wrong. But if I claim there IS a flying
			spaghetti monster, then I need extraordinary evidence to back up this
			extraordinary claim. The burden of proof would fall on the person
			making the claim. It is an incredible act of arrogance to assume
			everyone who holds a different opinion than you is guilty of not using
			critical thinking. I do not believe that at all. It shows a shameful
			level of pride in the atheist community to assume they have a monopoly
			on thinking objectively. I think that we only ask for proof of your
			claims. In no way, do I think you do not have thinking skills. But I
			think you're wrong on this one.
			[Posted by knowthyself at 2014-05-13T01:37:02+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Should atheist parents be forced to take their kids to church so that
they can't be accused of trying to indoctrinate their children?
[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-16T03:59:56+00:00 - Side: No]

	No. That would be tyranny. While I prfer that children be taught
	plurality and comparative religion and spirituality, the gov has no
	right to force that on people and who gets to decide? The rule of law
	should be enforced, not mob rule.
	[Posted by SitaraForJesus at 2014-04-16T08:10:41+00:00 - Side: No]

		I know I was taught world religions in elementary school, weren't
		you? I was repeatedly informed that we live in a country with freedom
		of religion and it was my choice what I wanted to believe. But my
		parents raised me in their belief system just like all parents do. I
		was actually raised catholic and have "rebelled" against that and am a
		protestant (not sure which kind yet, might need to start my own
		denomination to be happy). My sister was raised the exact same way and
		is either an atheist or an extremely weak Christian. So if we live in
		a country where people are given a choice in what they want to
		believe, and routinely do chose differently than how they were raised,
		why do we have to go out and insult parents who are doing what they
		think is best? "Brainwashing" would almost necessarily require threats
		or violence which are already illegal anyway. Anyways, if the
		government were to take Dawkins' advice and label teaching a child
		religion as abuse, how is that not tyranny?
		[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-16T08:39:09+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			Mr. Dawkins' idea is the tyranny I refer to, and I got that whole new
			age shabang as far back as age 8 when they said that whatever you
			believe is the truth no matter what and I was thinking in my head
			"lkady are you nuts? You are not God who defines what is real". It is
			sad when an 8 year old knows more about absolutes than a "teacher".
			[Posted by SitaraForJesus at 2014-04-16T10:44:56+00:00 - Side: Yes]

				Agreed, either all religions are wrong or only one is
				right..................................
				....................................... ...........................
				[Posted by AngryGenX at 2014-04-16T11:35:29+00:00 - Side: Yes]

					I am the way, the truth, and the life, no one comes to the Father but
					by Me. -John 14:6 :)
					[Posted by SitaraForJesus at 2014-04-16T12:56:04+00:00 - Side: Yes]

		What does 'rule of law' mean to you?
		[Posted by Atrag at 2014-04-18T12:44:59+00:00 - Side: Yes]

			Rule of law means to me a certain code of conduct agreed upon by
			lawmakers and the people that vote for them. i do not support mob
			rule, but I oppose a dictatorship too. a middle ground where
			government is a partnership between the people and the lawmakers is
			ideal to me. Ill use an example: The Constitution of America is what
			used to be such a partnership. A democratic republic. What America
			currently is would be for another debate. Tell me whatcha think. :)
			[Posted by SitaraForJesus at 2014-04-18T13:48:53+00:00 - Side: No]

	All parents should be expected not to indoctrinate their child into
	any perspective, but to equip their child with the means to think
	critically and formulate their own opinions. This includes parents who
	are atheists, but it does not follow that the way to do this would be
	for those parents to bring their children to church.
	[Posted by Jace at 2014-04-20T18:06:03+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Child abuse is an act of child endangerment, such as molestation,
physical harm and mental bullying. If something does not harm a child
or harm his/her wellbeing, it is not a form of abuse.
[Posted by chadAI at 2014-04-30T04:45:25+00:00 - Side: No]

What a silly question. My dad tried to force Catholicism on me when I
was little. It didn't work. I developed my own beliefs as I grew up.
This is NOT child abuse. When children grow up they have their own
mind. How can it be child abuse?
[Posted by jery1569 at 2014-04-30T14:33:13+00:00 - Side: No]

I don't believe it is necessarily "Child Abuse." I would call it
"Indoctrination." Every child to an extent is indoctrinated with their
parent's beliefs, whether it be Theism, Christianity, Muslim,
Buddhist, or Atheist. Now if you are talking about the parents FORCING
them to believe something, that is an infringement on freedom and
rights. Also it depends on what you call "religion." A Theist will
teach their child to be Theist, and an Atheist will teach their child
to be Atheist. Children have always and will always lean toward their
parent's belief, it's a natural tendency. However, if you must call it
Child Abuse, to be fair you must put Atheism under the label of
"religion" for the sake of the debate.
[Posted by Vincent_F at 2014-05-13T01:50:49+00:00 - Side: No]

	Indoctrination commonly refers not just to the teaching of ideas but
	to the representation of those ideas as inherently true. Such
	absolutism is effectively a prerequisite for religion to exist; it is
	not equitably necessary for atheism and is not especially applicable
	to agnosticism. Even were theism and atheism equitably parallel in
	this respect, your argument does not disprove that religious
	indoctrination is a form of child abuse but rather expands the
	terminology to include atheistic indoctrination as well.
	[Posted by Jace at 2014-05-13T04:41:41+00:00 - Side: Yes]

Note: I'm ignoring the description of the debate by posting this, so
apologies there. I will even say that actually forcing your child to
be a member of your religion, or to subscribe to any of your beliefs,
is a form of child abuse. But by that same token, forcing a child to
abstain from religion altogether, telling him he is an atheist, and
not allowing him to investigate religion on his own terms is child
abuse for the exact same reason. The reason that I voted 'No' after
noting the above, and the reason that I am ignoring the description,
however, is because of what the generally accepted definition of
'forcing religion' is said to be. What most people call 'forcing
religion' is not in fact forcing religion of any kind. Someone wearing
a crucifix at work- even if they work for the government- does not
constitute forcing their religion on you. Someone praying in a public
place- even if it's government property- does not constitute forcing
their religion on you. I acknowledge that this diverts significantly
from the subject at hand, so I'll leave it at that. I would like one
person to dispute this to balance out the votes in the debate- any
others, please choose clarify, as this is somewhat tangential to the
debate topic. I will take your argument as a support or dispute based
on its contents rather than the word next to your name; there is no
need to artificially skew the vote either way.
[Posted by thousandin1 at 2014-05-18T22:06:34+00:00 - Side: No]

You can't exactly "force" it. Otherwise, I'd agree .
[Posted by Stickers at 2014-05-21T00:15:49+00:00 - Side: No]

How can you force someone to hold to a particular religion? It's a
personal choice. Anyway, when the child is grown, they can make their
own decision. And I would think that they would abandon the religion
that was forced on them. On the other hand, if their parents did not
instruct them in their religious beliefs, wouldn't that be even worse?
It would mean that the parents did not care about their child's
eternal soul.
[Posted by Grugore at 2014-07-10T08:31:56+00:00 - Side: No]

	It is true that a child has the right to believe/ dispute certain
	beliefs and to choose from the diverse branches of religious
	philosophy and to a certain degree, a parent as the responsibility to
	guide their child in the right direction to learn the fundamental
	moralities of humanity. However, there is no quintessential set of
	values or book instructing parents on how to raise their children
	developing into a 'perfect adult' as no book exists and this is
	parallel to how there is no such quality/ state of being 'perfect'.
	Children who are sent away to a different country or in the past wars,
	would have left the security and guidance of their parents/ family, it
	doesn't mean they are completely clueless as how to act as a human or
	to care/ love/ honour others. Conversely, children need to experience
	and learn from their experiences to make these judgements for
	themselves. However, it is true that some things are hard -wired/
	inherent to us from the start such as turtles when born know
	instinctively that they need to go to the water, it may be product of
	evolution for survival, but children also seem to understand the
	concept of death before someone has explained it to them.
	[Posted by HumannamuH at 2014-07-17T12:54:07+00:00 - Side: No]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
