Title: Should Obama shut down Guantanamo Bay?
Posted by andsoccer16
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Should_Obama_shut_down_Guantanamo_Bay

Comments:

Recently it has been found that 12 juveniles have been held in
Guantanamo bay. This and other human rights violations are a disgrace
to what this country is supposed to stand for. Obama is doing the
right thing by shutting Gitmo down, it should have been done sooner.
The hypocrisy of such a base cannot be overstated.
[Posted by andsoccer16 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	If we cannot change what is going on at Guantanamo Bay then YES, by
	all means, shut down this atrocious, unfathomable embarrassment to
	Americans and what they should stand for. What the military can get
	away with is horrific while the Commander-in-Chief simply stands by
	and condones their Neanderthal treatment by not making the adjustments
	necessary or shutting it down and having some heads roll for allowing
	their men to do what they did to the alleged criminals there.
	[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-23T22:44:34+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

Just because Guantanamo Bay isn't on the US mainland doesn't mean
that it shouldn't follow the same rules that are followed on it. It is
basically an extension of the US where torture and other acts against
humanity can occur without law. It is a disgrace to America and to
humanity and any continued use or defense of the center and the
actions taken part in it expose hypocrisy, hate, and acceptance of
fear as a tool the US can use against anyone it doesn't like for
political or other motives. Shutting down Guantanamo Bay is a great
move by Obama and gives hope for a better United States.
[Posted by ta9798 at 2008-11-17T21:17:55+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

	Water boarding is not torture. It is simply an effective way of
	learning terrorist information without causing permanent damage.
	[Posted by Troy8 at 2011-12-11T14:22:30+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

fuck yes, ruins the US reputation and its against human rights and
all that. guantanamo bay is a disgrace
[Posted by Burnum at 2008-12-18T21:57:03+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

	How is it against human rights? Please provide evidence when making
	controversial claims.
	[Posted by Troy8 at 2011-12-11T14:20:40+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

Shut it down immediately. Worst thing we ever did.
[Posted by chg9389 at 2008-12-05T23:10:15+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

	WTF! why wqould we want to shut it down. THERE F *ING TERRORISTS MAN!
	the only reason you would want to shut it down is if you were a
	terrorist.
	[Posted by s0m3b0dy at 2008-12-13T16:47:26+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

		...or because you believe in human rights. Many of the things we've
		done in Guantanamo bay are atrocious. Torture shouldn't be used on
		anybody, terrorist or not. Also not everyone at Guantanamo Bay is
		guilty. After 9/11 the U.S. reacted very rashly and threw in a lot of
		people who they thought were terrorists. Until recently, we hadn't
		even been giving these people a chance to prove their innocence
		because they were denied a right to trial.
		[Posted by andsoccer16 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Too bad water boarding isn't torture. Do some research before spewing
			untrue dogma like this.
			[Posted by Troy8 at 2011-12-11T14:19:41+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

			they are terrorists get it through your head!!!!!!!!!! why would you
			not want to torture a terrorists. let me ask you another question. do
			you beleive in arbortion?
			[Posted by s0m3b0dy at 2008-12-13T17:12:33+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

				Would you like to have your father or your mother or your brother or
				your sister tortured????? And what does abortion have to do with this
				issue? NOTHING!
				[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-12-13T17:17:42+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

					plus if they were terrorits, yes.
					[Posted by s0m3b0dy at 2008-12-13T17:24:37+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

					abortion is killing which is worse than torturing.
					[Posted by s0m3b0dy at 2008-12-13T17:19:11+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

				Abortion is an unrelated issue, if you want to talk about it there
				are plenty of debates on the subject on this site. I wouldn't want to
				torture anybody because it is inhumane. Do I want to punish them for
				killing? Yes. Give them a trial, find them guilty and then throw them
				in prison. Why torture? Because you get off on knowing another human
				is in pain? If we do that we're no better then the terrorists. From a
				strictly pragmatic perspective, torturing others gets their friends
				pissed off at us and guess what? Their friends become terrorists.
				Please take both your ignorance and simplistic arguments elsewhere.
				[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-12-13T17:30:25+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

					i just want you to answer. if you dont then you sicken me because you
					would let terrorists go but still kill babbies :(
					[Posted by s0m3b0dy at 2008-12-13T17:32:23+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

						Who said I wanted to let terrorists go? Not I! Get your facts
						straight. I told you that I would be happy to discuss abortion on one
						of the other debates but not this one. You have yet to tell me why we
						should be torturing, but instead provide a straw man argument that
						changes the subject.
						[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-12-13T17:35:25+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

							Why are you bothering with this one Soc...he is a complete waste of
							information and time!
							[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-12-13T18:21:05+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

i dont think you should discuss closing guantanamo because america
has many facilities throughout the world that tortures and locks up
people. america has had these facilities for decades and regularly
kidnaps and tortures people in many locations. if guantanamo is closed
down, america will still find ways and places to do similar things. if
you want to shut something down, it might as well be the cia, but that
will never happen, so thats why there is no point is discussing
guantanamo.
[Posted by COPE2 at 2010-02-06T22:07:20+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

He should shut it down, but he won't.
[Posted by TastyWheat at 2008-12-03T20:34:06+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

Yes the only person to be shutted
[Posted by vasanth0407 at 2008-11-21T11:03:17+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

	Can you please repeat that in any other language I can translate into
	English?
	[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-23T22:45:39+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

History has recorded great presidents doing way worse things. these
are people captured on the battlefield. hell, many of the ones
released have been either recaptured or shot in combat... why? because
THEY'RE TERRORISTS! they compare Bush to Hitler, but they don't
compare him to FDR, who captured anyone who was a Jap and put them in
prisons... fuck, they didn't even have any evidence to support that
they were the enemy. just the fact that they were Japs. This is War
people, you have to start entering the reality of the situation.
[Posted by ThePyg at 2008-11-18T14:04:17+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

	Just because FDR did something wrong doesn't justify Bush's actions.
	The internment camps were one of the worst atrocities committed in
	American history (right behind the treatment of native Americans and
	slaves). We're not saying that we should let the captured people go,
	we just need to show them basic human rights. No torture, and the
	right to some kind of trial. If we have evidence that they're
	terrorists, great! Prove it in some kind of a military court and then
	lock them up and throw away the key. Many of these people though are
	being held without any legal recourse. And guess what? Some of them
	are innocent! Pyg let me ask you a question, if someone accused you of
	being a terrorist would you want a way to refute their claim? Would
	you like it to be necessary that they prove it? Or would you want to
	be locked up and tortured for something you didn't do? http://
	tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2008/
	10/justice_department_wants_to_ke.php
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		obviously reform is needed to make sure that we capture only people
		on the battlefield. but the thing is, the people let go were put under
		TRIAL. and they were RECAPTURED killing AMERICAN TROOPS. the thing is,
		saying "they were part of a cell that was shooting at my squad" is not
		good enough in the court of law, because as long as you did not have
		him with a gun in his hands, he doesn't count. and it's good to see
		that you consider FDR worse than Bush... finally someone who
		understands.
		[Posted by ThePyg at 2008-11-18T18:53:39+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

			I don't think Soc said FDR was worse than Bush!
			[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-23T23:01:12+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

			I agree whole heartedly with your concept, I lost some good friends
			in Somalia, and watch them there drag our boys bodies around for
			display. President Bush has done the best he could with all of the
			negativity that he has under gone .. I for one am Proud of President
			Bush and believe Gitmo should stay open for as long as it is needed
			and there are still terrorist trying to hurt US.....A
			[Posted by Sgt2ndRanger at 2009-01-13T23:54:11+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

			Could you show me the article your talking about...I believe you I'm
			just curious. The internment camps were worse then anything Bush ever
			did, but FDR still had some redeeming qualities. Bush on the other
			hand...not so much. Starting a war under false pretenses isn't as bad,
			but is still a terrible thing to do.
			[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-18T19:11:28+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

				It's actually common knowledge now, but here's one of the many
				articles about it.
				[Posted by ThePyg at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	I found this by chance and really couldn't resist replying: "these
	are people captured on the battlefield." Please define whjat is measnt
	by battlefield exactly, my understanding is that battlefield =
	anywhere on earth "many of the ones released have been either
	recaptured or shot in combat" Sorry i don't beleive your corporate
	controlled bullshit media. "because THEY'RE TERRORISTS!" All i have to
	say to this revolting excercise in hypocrisy is the following:
	http://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=x4PgpbQfxgo "This is War people, you
	have to start entering the reality of the situation." Really, oh well
	when you put it that way, actually just out of curiosity who are you
	fighting against, oh yeah, a tactic called terrorism which you use
	more than any other nation on earth. Your true colours are on display
	for all to see, good day:0
	[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-08T09:44:43+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

		Oh yeah, I forgot that you believe that the corporate media and
		corporate leaders have gotten together to create war and put innocents
		in jail. I will admit that the powers of the Executive Branch have
		gone way too far, but I still believe that being at War means we have
		to treat the enemy like our enemy, and not like American civilians. Do
		I agree with the War? No. But that's ONLY because I feel that we could
		have done this all with Special Forces and not with an
		invasion/occupation. I would still support detaining terrorists
		captured in battle/mission (and if they're Americans, give them a
		proper trial, not a military tribunal or some bullshit like that).
		[Posted by ThePyg at 2011-12-08T10:49:08+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

			"Oh yeah, I forgot that you believe that the corporate media and
			corporate leaders have gotten together to create war and put innocents
			in jail" Id appreciate if you didn't twist and misconstrue my beleifs.
			"but I still believe that being at War means we have to treat the
			enemy like our enemy," Who are you at war with, Iraq? What they do to
			warrant being inavded, nothing, and over 1.2 million of them now lie
			in the dirt. Seriously, who do you think you are war with? Your
			country has been engaged in what Charles A. Beard called "Pepetual war
			for perpetual peace" The US has launced over 200 military incursions
			since 1945 in which the US has been the aggressor, with none of them
			being provoked, and very few of them being in defense of your country.
			The truth is you need to have big bad boogey man to scare the
			population with, otherwise how could you justify your rabid
			imperialism? "and not like American civilians" Like this american
			civilian: http://www.wsws.org/articles/2011/ oct2011/alwa-o01.shtml
			"But that's ONLY because I feel that we could have done this all with
			Special Forces and not with an invasion/occupation" Done what??? "I
			would still support detaining terrorists captured in battle/mission"
			Who decides if their terrorists?They are given no trial, no due
			process of law, so what we just leave it to the government it is? And
			please answer my question where this battle field is? Other people
			countries that you have no right whatsoever to be in. BTW i take
			offense at labelling other peoples terrorists when your own military
			have killed, and countinue to kill more innocent civilians than any
			identified (by the West) terrorist group on earth. Hey were you
			wondering why there so much tension between you, and Pakistan:
			http://www.guardian.co. uk/world/2011/jul/17/ us-drone-strikes-
			pakistan-waziristan "and if they're Americans, give them a proper
			trial, not a military tribunal or some bullshit like that" Ya cause
			that what america is all about, i mean thats what written in your
			constitution, the right to set up overseas dungeons on other peoples
			land whose peoples don't want you there so you can intern them without
			trial, and commit disgusting acts of torture on them.Land of the free,
			home of the brave right?
			[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-08T12:20:37+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

				Clearly you disagree with the War, but this isn't going to get
				anywhere if you just keep on saying "you're wrong because the war is
				wrong and torture is wrong." I don't agree with you COMPLETELY on
				those subjects. I disagree with how we're running the war, of course,
				and this is why, as I stated (which confused you, for some reason,
				probably cause it's so agreeable) that use of Special Forces (such as
				black ops, seals, etc) instead of an invading/occupying military would
				have been the best way to deal with Osama Bin Laden. After 10 years of
				war, what ended up getting him was CIA intelligence and a SEAL team;
				not our invading military (he wasn't even in the country that we
				invaded). I believe that elimination of terrorist leaders (who are
				responsible for training those who planned the attacks or for ordering
				the attacks) is necessary, if not for efficiency than just for the
				sake of principle. If we had not invaded, the casualty rate would have
				been far less and we most likely would just be done by now (because we
				wouldn't be fighting a war). There would just be some dead terrorist
				leaders and that's it. I don't disagree with your anti-war belief. Do
				I believe that water-boarding of terror suspects is torture? No. Do I
				think that it has been abused? If the CIA are not lying, it has not
				(it's been used on a few prime suspects. Not just joe-shmoes who are
				captured). as for you last statement, you ignored what i JUST said
				about giving American citizens the right to a trial. As well, I
				believe that terrorism should be treated as a criminal act, with the
				use of special forces to take out major players (like Osama). The
				purpose of the military is to protect us from foreign enemies, but
				with a far more efficient military today, special forces is all we
				need to deal with terrorism. not an invasion, that kills far more
				people (American as well) in the long run.
				[Posted by ThePyg at 2011-12-08T14:48:12+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

					"Clearly you disagree with the War, but this isn't going to get
					anywhere if you just keep on saying "you're wrong because the war is
					wrong and torture is wrong." I don't just disagree with what you
					perceive as a war, i am challenging the very notion that there is a
					war. "which confused you, for some reason, probably cause it's so
					agreeable" Yes, that must be it. "that use of Special Forces (such as
					black ops, seals, etc) instead of an invading/occupying military would
					have been the best way to deal with Osama Bin Laden" So let me just
					see if i understand fully your position. You think that indiscriminate
					killing of unarmed individuals without ever being tried, or convicted
					of anything, without ever getting to see the evidence against him,
					this is what you favour yes? "I believe that elimination of terrorist
					leaders (who are responsible for training those who planned the
					attacks or for ordering the attacks) is necessary, " What about the
					1.2 milllion Iraqis who died as a direct reults of the US's illegal
					invasion, what do you think about justice for them? What about the
					500,000 children who were starved to death based on sanctions forcibly
					imposed by the US prior to the 2003 war, what about justice for them?
					What about the 2000-3000 civilaisn that have been killed in USA drone
					attacks in the last fwe years, do you think the people responsible for
					planning and enacting those brutal crimes deserve elimination? "I
					don't disagree with your anti-war belief." No but you beleive you are
					somehow morally superior to the so called "terrorists" you claim to be
					at war with. Let me ask you question what is the moral difference
					between an IED, and drone attack? "Do I believe that water-boarding of
					terror suspects is torture? No." Oh right so you've been waterboarded
					and are speaking from experience, sorry about that;-) Why not try it
					before you reach such a conclusion, hmm? Just a thought. "No. Do I
					think that it has been abused? If the CIA are not lying, it has not
					(it's been used on a few prime suspects. " So the people that have
					died in custody without trial, thats ok, the people that have been
					held for years and set free jsut for being muslim, water boarding, all
					these things are fine as long as you beleive you're fighting the
					terrorists, ya? "it's been used on a few prime suspects. Not just joe-
					shmoes who are captured" So you do beleive them? "as for you last
					statement, you ignored what i JUST said about giving American citizens
					the right to a trial." Americans don't have the right to trial, and if
					they do its its being afforded to them as the article about eh
					assassination proves, and aren't you supposed to offer criminals fair
					trial, regardless of origin? "As well, I believe that terrorism should
					be treated as a criminal act," So you belevie america should be
					labelled the greatest terrorist nation on earth, and all the leaders
					who endorsed Iraq put on trial just like in Nuremberg. well i think we
					just found some common ground;-) "The purpose of the military is to
					protect us from foreign enemies," Al Quida never presented an
					existentialthreat to the US, what they were was a convenient tool used
					to perpetuate a war industry of the ruling corporate elite that know
					if they US citizens can be rendered afraid they can be rendered
					passive. The military is an extension of rapacious power, and shall
					remain so until the people take back their democracy.
					[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-08T16:16:00+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

						Once again, ignoring that al-qaeda does exist and has attacked us
						isn't going to help, especially when you say "ya see, it comes down to
						greedy people who are brainwashing us." Never been water-boarded. Also
						never been bungie jumping. Point? And you keep on ignoring me when I
						say that I'm against the invasion/occupation. But I suppose, as
						stated, it's too agreeable to acknowledge. And I believe that my life
						is more important than a terrorist's life, sure. Not because I'm
						morally superior or w/e, it's merely because I do not hold any value
						in their life. If I am threatened by a terrorist attack (like 9/11 or
						some shit) I feel that it's okay to kill those behind the attacks.
						Also (and I think i'm raping a rotting horse over here), I am AGAINST
						the invasion for it is unnecessary. We could have killed those
						responsible and avoided many lost lives if we stuck with special
						forces.
						[Posted by ThePyg at 2011-12-08T17:22:26+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

							"Once again, ignoring that al-qaeda does exist and has attacked us
							isn't going to help," I'm not ignoring their existence, im saying
							their existence is in no way a threat to the existence of the US. I
							mean you talk like this attacked came out of clear blue sky, anyone
							who takes reality seriously knows that the planes that flew out of the
							sky on 9/11 flew out of a swamp of hatred generated by US actions in
							the arba world for decades, to deny this is to deny reality. As for
							9/11 itself, well im not even going to go there but i think we can
							both agree the whole thing was far from transparent, and government
							collusion, or at the very least severe incompetence are very likely.
							"Never been water-boarded. Also never been bungie jumping. Point?" My
							point is obvious, your opinion that water boarding is not torture
							ins't worth shit as long as you haven't been water boarded yourself,
							its really that simple. It's equivalent to saying; "Ive never been
							bungie jumping, but i don't think its that exciting" "And you keep on
							ignoring me when I say that I'm against the invasion/occupation." I
							agree with you on that but you seem to think that there is some war
							going on in defense of the US, that is simply hogwash. "If I am
							threatened by a terrorist attack (like 9/11 or some shit) I feel that
							it's okay to kill those behind the attacks." So you feel its ok to
							kill all those that have been killed by US actions since 9/11, you
							feel that the US did nothing to antagonise anyone prior to the attack,
							and all those killed in seeking out those who "supposedly" caused it
							to happen is just collateral damage, and as long as they're not from
							the US whon gives a fuck right? Even if this was your opinion it would
							still be fatally flawed given that US actions have nothing to do with
							stopping those who caused 9/11, or threaten US security or any other
							bullshit you've convinced yourself of, they are totally imperialistic,
							and Iraq proves it. "We could have killed those responsible and
							avoided many lost lives if we stuck with special forces." You seem to
							simply neglect history, and its implications, here's a refresher:
							http://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=UwLyYcWNwM0
							[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-09T07:49:33+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

								You've gone from radical to just making shit up. You're saying that
								because I believe in retaliation, that means that I support what the
								US did. No, I don't. I believe, however, that just letting 9/11 go
								would be a retarded thing to do considering that even if you kicked
								sand in some kid's face, you wouldn't just take it if he broke all
								your toys. Osama and his faggot followers are murderers, and I believe
								that it is important to stop them. Use of Black Ops and Special Forces
								DOES NOT result in collateral damage, and the fact that you seem to
								believe that I support air-raides and invasions just shows how you're
								not willing to be serious. Instead, you post your hero Noam Chamsky as
								if that gives you a reason ignore what I'm saying.
								[Posted by ThePyg at 2011-12-11T13:29:21+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

									"You're saying that because I believe in retaliation," Retaliation
									against whom? You have said that you support the indiscriminate
									killing of people without trial or due processs. How do you know
									somebody is an enemy if there is never a case brought aginst them? I'm
									not even going to comment on the analogy. "Osama and his faggot
									followers are murderers" And what the fuck are US army? Talk about
									hypocrisy, then again your country has made it a virtual artform. The
									way you talk about these "terrorists" as being such bad guys
									completely neglects the harsh reality of your own countries action
									which have been infinitely more terroristic, and infinitely more
									destructive in a multitude of ways, and occur with infinitely higher
									frequency (of the order of days). You are simply incapable of applying
									the same standard you do to them, to your own countries actions. "and
									I believe that it is important to stop them." Ya they might take the
									capital and subjugate the population into slavery any day now. "and
									the fact that you seem to believe that I support air-raides and
									invasions just shows how you're not willing to be serious" YOu don't
									agree with them but you provide tacit support to them by your complete
									refusal to condemn them, and acknowledge what they are, here let me
									spell it out for ya: IT'S TERRORISM ON A SCALE AL QAEDA CAN ONLY DREAM
									OF!!!!!!!!!!!!! "Instead, you post your hero Noam Chamsky as" Actually
									if you'd watched the lecture you'd know it was given by Robert Fisk,
									Chomsky simply introduced it :P
									[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-11T14:26:31+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

										Considering that al-qaeda is a network and that Osama took
										responsibility for the attack, we do not need to just capture him and
										give him a trial. It is enough to merely kill him. Then again, I do
										not believe in international law (because it doesn't exist; who
										enforces it? If someone did, the US would be under trial by now). And
										I see that you are pissed off at the US army, well, I'm sorry that I
										don't share your hatred of them. Maybe because I don't have the time
										to attack the only people willing to protect me from people who
										attacked us on our own land. Just because their is history doesn't
										mean that 9/11 DIDN'T HAPPEN. it did happen. to ignore it would be,
										i'm sorry, retarded. Sure, how we go about it was all wrong, but
										saying that the other exact extreme would have been right is flat-out
										retarded. I don't know, maybe you're way more of a pacifist than me,
										but I don't believe in ideals like that. If someone attacks me, I
										fight back. I don't "turn the other cheek" just because maybe I
										deserved it. Please, I will kick their ass and make sure that they
										don't do it again. How we should have done it (as I'm saying for the
										millionth time) is through Black Ops and Spec Ops, but clearly the
										American government doesn't like to listen to me. I'm sorry that the
										US isn't brilliant like me, but I don't see why you have to be upset
										with me just because I believe that those responsible for 9/11 (and
										even admitted that they did it) deserve anything less than death.
										[Posted by ThePyg at 2011-12-11T14:35:33+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

											"Considering that al-qaeda is a network and that Osama took
											responsibility for the attack" This just shows your willingness to
											beleive your government, i consider that naive. "we do not need to
											just capture him and give him a trial." Really what about due process,
											what innocent until proven guilty, and besides that Bin Laden on trial
											was the right to do, he had information that was best kept concealed
											from the US goervnments perspective, this is think is very likely. Bin
											Laden is one man, do you how many you killed, or locked up for years,
											and tortured without trial? "Then again, I do not believe in
											international law" There is a big difference in believing in the
											principle of fairness, even though the system meant to implement it
											may not function as it should due to the influence of rapacious power,
											and simply acquiescing in your own passivity because you belong to the
											group who currently wields said power. "And I see that you are pissed
											off at the US army, well, I'm sorry that I don't share your hatred of
											them." Yes i know we already covered that, your a complete hypocrite
											who will openly condemn the actions of others while completely
											ignoring the much greater crimes of his own country;-) ". Maybe
											because I don't have the time to attack the only people willing to
											protect me from people who attacked us on our own land." It isn't
											about attacking them, it's about ensuring the law is followed. "Just
											because their is history doesn't mean that 9/11 DIDN'T HAPPEN." Just
											because their is history doesn't mean that the Al-Shifa pharmaceutical
											factory cruise missile bombing didn't happen.
											http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Al-Shifa_pharmaceutical_factory You
											should read the section on consequences. "If someone attacks me, I
											fight back." So do i, Al Queda and Bin Laden could have been hunted
											down in a legal manner with the co-operation of the international
											community. "I believe that those responsible for 9/11 (and even
											admitted that they did it) deserve anything less than death." Yes and
											you're willing to completely circumvent the principles and ideals your
											country is founded on in acheiving those aims, that is absolutely
											clear;-)
											[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-11T15:07:26+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

												Were the Red-Coats captured and arrested or were they shot on sight?
												Guerrilla tactics are far from "fair" and "giving of due process".
												We've identified an enemy of our state, be it the Red Coats or Osama
												Bin Laden. I believe you have no idea on the history and founding
												principles of my country. And once again, I am against the invasion. I
												believe that we could have captured Osama and al-qaeda leaders in a
												much more efficient manner with Black and Spec Ops.
												[Posted by ThePyg at 2011-12-11T17:00:39+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

													"Were the Red-Coats captured and arrested or were they shot on
													sight?" I don't know how to debate with someone who thinks a
													comparison can be made between the american revolution and his
													countries actions in the middle east. "Guerrilla tactics are far from
													"fair" and "giving of due process". Your excuse is incredibly weak,
													your country is supposed to grant due process to a suspected criminal,
													this isn' the wild west, the rule of law is supposed to be respected.
													"We've identified an enemy of our state, be it the Red Coats or Osama
													Bin Laden" Your enemy is a necessary illusion, without him/them your
													population could not be kept passive, your imperislaism would be
													explicitly exposed in all its obscenity and hypocrisy, and the
													military industrial complex would lose its purported purpose. I
													strongly advise you to watch the following documentary by Adam Curtis,
													it may help you realise how untenable your position is:
													http://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=rDUJwKgXu5Q&amp;feature;=gv "And once
													again, I am against the invasion." But you won't label the actions of
													your military "terrorism" cause you beleive you are somehow above the
													people that attacked you, and therein lies your incredible hypocrisy.
													You have doing far worse to far greater number of people for decades,
													and thats exactly why the Rand corporation studies done on midde
													eastern public opinion post 9/11 showed most mulims felt the Us had
													finally tasted a small amount of their own medicine, i have to say
													even though i consider all killing of innocents helpless people to be
													dispicable, and beneath contempt its hard to disagree with the
													justifcation for their sentiment . "I believe you have no idea on the
													history and founding principles of my country." You are totally blind
													to the true motivations behind your countries actions now, never mind
													its history, and you don't seem to care how many people they kill, and
													how much destruction they cause in the process as long as your
													dominant position is forcibly maintained. I don't need to take a
													course in american history, and constitutional law to that sending out
													hired killers to assassinate people you suspect of being criminals
													goes against the principles of your country, especially when one of
													thsoe assassinated without trial, evidence, conviction etc. was an
													ameican citizen.
													[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-12T08:31:26+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

														Of course it was wrong to air-bomb that American citizen... I know
														this. However, i do not find it to be wrong to shoot Osama in the
														head. Preferably, I felt that capturing him and interrogating him
														would have been the best thing to do; but they killed him... w/e,
														better dead than alive and free.
														[Posted by ThePyg at 2011-12-12T11:07:52+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

															"Of course it was wrong to air-bomb that American citizen... I know
															this." So what the millions of non-US citizens? When 50 pakistani
															villagers are blown to pieces in a drone attack, is that not
															terrorism? Is that not an attack on sovereign terroritory, should they
															treat the enemy as their enemy? "However, i do not find it to be wrong
															to shoot Osama in the head." So you agree with your government
															suverting the course of justice? "Preferably, I felt that capturing
															him and interrogating him would have been the best thing to do; but
															they killed him... w/e," W/e, thats all you have to say about, and i
															suppose you said w/e when your country invaded Iraq based on lies, i
															suppose you said w/e when 9/11 was never fully investigated, who cares
															right. "better dead than alive and free." No criminal should get away
															it but act like this man was convicted, you act like the information
															pertaining to his crimes is in the public domain, that only further
															illustrates your willingness to buy into your own governments
															bullshit. Please watch the Adam Curtis if you get the time, its very
															well done. Peace out;-)
															[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-12T12:17:58+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

																Well, no, I'm against air-bombing in general (unless it is a
																strategic air-raid, of course). Given that we should not have been in
																Iraq nor in Afghanistant in the first place, all those lost lives are
																a terrible loss, no doubt. And if they wish to retaliate, that is what
																happens when people fight each other. I don't see it as "w/e" in
																total, but just in the case of killing Osama instead of capturing him
																so that we could get information out of him. If I were in charge,
																Osama would be in a prison and we would be finding ways to make him
																talk. We would not have invaded any countries and we would have stuck
																strictly to Black Ops, taking out or capturing any of the key members
																of what we felt were dangerous terrorist organizations. Unfortunately,
																I am not in charge. Do I think my leaders suck? Of course, but that's
																a problem with all governments that decide to try to change the world,
																and I'm not just going to take your side (some dude who thinks that
																America is the Great Satan and the terrorists are just poor farmers
																who are a result of all the Great Satan's works) just because I
																disagree with how the US has decided to handle the entire aspect. The
																world is fucked, not just the US.
																[Posted by ThePyg at 2011-12-12T19:35:22+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

																	"If I were in charge, Osama would be in a prison and we would be
																	finding ways to make him talk. " Osama "talking" is the very reason
																	hes dead and not alive. You buy into all the government bullshit in
																	spite of the fact that it has been proved that they lied
																	pathologically. ". Do I think my leaders suck? Of course, but that's a
																	problem with all governments that decide to try to change the world" I
																	find myself straining to come with adequate responses to what i
																	consider your incredible ignorance and naiveté :( "and I'm not just
																	going to take your side " This isn't about taking sides this is and
																	what isn't true. "some dude who thinks that America is the Great Satan
																	and the terrorists are just poor farmers who are a result of all the
																	Great Satan's works" I don't view america as the great satan, but i
																	acknowledge a simple truth that you seem incapable because of
																	nationalism to acknowledge. Amerca has caused the deaths of more
																	innocent civilians than any other nation on earth in recent times, now
																	you can come with whatever clever rationalisaiton you like to justify
																	that barbarism but in the real world that makes the US the greatest
																	terrorist nation on earth. BTW i don't consider Islamic extremists
																	poor farmers, the fact that you have to resort to ridiculing me by
																	twisting my views really only proves my point for me. "The world is
																	fucked, not just the US." I agree wholeheartedly with this, the world
																	of full of bad guys, but if you're capable of calling a spade a spade
																	then you'll realise there is a "biggest bad guy" at any particular
																	time, and in this narrow slice of history that title rightly goes to
																	the US
																	[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-13T07:53:56+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

																	If you get some time you should check out some of these videos,
																	they're all fairly short (~2-8min): http://www.youtube.com/
																	watch?v=G99qAHw80qk http://www.youtube.com/
																	watch?v=F2pknFaHujM&amp;feature;=results_
																	main&amp;playnext;=1&amp;list;=PLB6D83876E3BEC4 9D
																	http://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=9QMuuxJBN5Y http://www.youtube.com/
																	watch?v=ftROzz6u3vs&amp;feature;=related http://www.youtube.com/
																	watch?v=ftROzz6u3vs&amp;feature;=related http://www.youtube.com/
																	watch?v=5afjkxBgPyc
																	[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-15T15:08:51+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

I don't think he should shut it down, because then they would be on
U.S. ground or in a foreign nation. If they are on U.S. ground and
escape then they would be on the loose here in America. If they are in
a foreign nation and if that nation support's terrorism then they
could let the person go to weak havoc on the world again.
[Posted by nicsones at 2008-12-13T10:36:04+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

	That is my point also, keep them right where they are at, the only
	way off is shark infested water... Gitmo, There is no substitute !
	[Posted by Sgt2ndRanger at 2009-01-13T23:44:00+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

	While I completely understand what you're saying we cannot go on with
	Gitmo the way it is! It's a disgrace to human decency and if it were
	the other way around, with our people being tortured instead of
	theirs, I can only wonder what those of you who are against shutting
	this atrocity down would have to say.
	[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-12-14T16:24:45+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

Torture is terrible, and I don't think anyone likes it or supports
it... but heres a question. Your two kids are going to die in 3 hours
because of x person, and you know he is going to kill them, and he
says he'll do it, but you can stop it if he talks? This is an
extremely complex situation. Almost all of the people in Guantanamo
Bay were captured "on the military field," and the rest were
apprehended trying to pursue acts of terror on American soil and were
not citizens. As sad as it is, these people have no rights. Geneva
created a way for them to have rights, a way that would ensure death
for the least number of innocent people: the uniformed soldier. By
donning the uniform, you are given certain legal rights, because you
are agreeing to protect the lives of innocent people. These people
purposely forfeited the rights granted them in Geneva. There are no
laws protecting them. Do I support torture? not really. Oh, and
humiliation isn't torture. We need to make sure to define our terms.
[Posted by tallblondguy at 2008-12-01T16:46:57+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

	Well If you know for a fact that two kids are going to die because of
	the x person, and he knows something that can stop this. Well we never
	do know that now do we? And also, there are several cases where muslim
	men, who were not citizens, yet did not have a criminal record, were
	put into Guantanamo Bay, and tortured mercilessly. They were
	waterboded, which is a simulation of drowning, tied up and attacked by
	dogs, and had their religion defamed and disrespected. I regard the
	religion part as torture, can you imagine if a devoted christian was
	trying to pray in jail, and your jailer comes in and pisses on the
	bible, and rips it in half taking it away? That is torture. Also how
	would you feel if every american soldier who killed an innocent in
	Iraq was captured and tortured for no reason?
	[Posted by Probama123 at 2008-12-02T20:41:07+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

No they are trying to kill us.By law they are not solders but
terrorists and if it is shut down then they must be taken to America
were we cant make them talk due to the fifth amendment.
[Posted by locke223 at 2008-11-20T18:50:47+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

	Noooo...check your legal facts. What we would do is give them a trial
	under a military court. Since they are not citizens they would not be
	subject to the 5th amendment, and a military court uses different
	rules of evidence then typical U.S. courts. How would you suggest we
	get them to talk? Torture?
	[Posted by andsoccer16 at 2008-11-20T19:34:54+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

	Are you saying that if we leave them in Guantanamo Bay we would have
	to try them under Cuban Law? Have you never heard of Military Law
	Locke? We can't MAKE them talk if they don't want to...or were you
	suggesting something vile?
	[Posted by Kuklapolitan at 2008-11-23T22:51:08+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

I don't want the terrorist in a prison in my state, NY sure doesn't
want the trials in their state, we cant just let them go to fight and
kill American soldiers again we need to keep it open and Obama knows
it! another broken promise for the left.
[Posted by usps at 2010-02-10T16:34:04+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

Keep it running, what are there chances of escaping from there...
NONE, there on a friggen island and that is where they should hold all
there trials ! I f we let these sorry bastards go, they will just be
planting more attacks and planting more IED's to kill our boys. PERIOD
[Posted by Sgt2ndRanger at 2009-01-13T23:37:16+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

63 prisoners returned to Iraq and once again killed American service
men. So unless your a Muslim Jihad terrorist this is the only answer
an American could give. How do they treat their POW's? Oh, that's
right they behead, mutilate and kill them. The only way I could see
shutting it down would be line them all up against the wall and let
loose with a .50 cal. A MUCH MORE HUMANE WAY TO DIE. Nothing anyone of
you have said holds a candle to what they have done to Americans taken
prisoner. As the 9 Army women found in the Baghdad dumps cut from ear
to ear.
[Posted by badbob85037 at 2009-01-19T20:57:18+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

We need to keep it open or else what would we do with the terrorists?
[Posted by WB40 at 2010-02-05T22:53:46+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

if we shut it down then we have to bring the terrorists here and it
would be very expensive. That also means the terrorists will have to
be given a trial and that means they will be granted rights that only
belong to American citizens.
[Posted by trumpeter93 at 2010-04-23T20:48:25+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

What's happening at gitmo is not even close to what the terrorists
are doing to our troops when they get captured.
[Posted by ProUSA at 2011-12-07T21:08:51+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

	"What's happening at gitmo " Why whats happening there? Hey do
	remember that Gitmo isn't your land, ya you stole it from Cuba in an
	illegal invasion. "is not even close to what the terrorists are doing
	to our troops" How the fuck do you know, Iran treat americans captured
	exactly how you treat, in fact they have stated that they do it simply
	because you do it i.e. http://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=Dl_whRekuCk BTW
	terrorism has athe defintion: "“the unlawful use of force and violence
	against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the
	civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of
	political or social objectives” (28 C.F.R. Section 0.85). -F.B.I. By
	this defintion your country is the greatest terrorist nation on earth,
	and has been for quite some time, but im sure you don't think so.
	[Posted by garry77777 at 2011-12-08T09:52:21+00:00 - Side: Yes, shut it down]

It's funny, because over two years ago, Obama promised to shut
Guantanamo Bay down. Yet another broken promise by our great
president!
[Posted by Troy8 at 2011-12-11T14:16:57+00:00 - Side: No, keep it running]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
