Title: Hy Ismailia I am a libertarian
Posted by warrior
Tag: Politics
URL: http://www.createdebate.com/debate/show/Hy_Ismailia_I_am_a_libertarian

Comments:

Can you explain what the difference in the views of the conservatives
and the libertarian views on states rights, border security, and gun
rights that makes you lean libertarian? You seem conservative in those
areas, but I haven't seen much of your thoughts on it.
[Posted by Cartman at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I really have to agree with Ismalia on this one (for once).
Libertarians want you do just do whatever (and destroy everything in
the process). You sound like a Neo-Liberal to me. You are against
people doing anything they want with their bodies, yet you like no
interference in economics. (This slightly biased argument is 100%
accurate... as usual).
[Posted by kozlov at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Its all good. I like that. There are republicans that don't want to
be a democrat but don't really agree with everything a typical
republican would. Lots of people do this. You don't have to follow the
typical libertarian beliefs. Its all up to you so if you are
libertarian the I will address you as a libertarian.
[Posted by LizziexLaura at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Again, it's great to know you're a Libertarian, but honestly, no need
to make a debate about it. If you had a bone to pick with someone, say
it to their face, don't make a whole debate about. And then ban them
when they comment on it, because they're too stuck up about their own
religion and philosophies to give a damn about what other people
think. Ismailia!
[Posted by Jungelson at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	It is a fact that libertarians are prochoice and progay. .
	[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		He never made the distinction he is anti-gay, he just doesn't support
		gay marriage. There is a difference.
		[Posted by link6065 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Mind you own business if you want to be left alone. .
			[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Shut the [email protected] % up. . I can vote when I feel it's
				necessary. You never said a word when I voted in favor of your
				statements. Stop acting like you own me. Thank you for not harassing
				me today but don't start now.
				[Posted by link6065 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					If you post to me, I have the right to respond. If you want me to
					leave you alone, leave me alone.
					[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Once again you fill a chat box with complete nonsense. Haven't posted
						anything to you all day except for when you posted to me.
						[Posted by link6065 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							You are welcome to stop replying at anytime. No one is forcing you to
							speak to me.
							[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		I don't hate gay people I just think gay marriage is to controversial
		to ever be passed I do support the creation of a legal union that
		provides the same legal protections as a marriage and just calling it
		something els that way everyone is happy.
		[Posted by warrior at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Do you support the option to have an abortion in any circumstance?
		[Posted by wardogninja at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			if it is your body then you should be allowed to do what ever you may
			want to do with it.
			[Posted by AoKMiKeY at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Thank ye. I agree. .
				[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			I am very prochoice. I support the woman's right to choose. .
			[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				So you see stopping abortions is an attack on women's rights?
				[Posted by wardogninja at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Yes sir, I do. I must specify that I am liberal, not a libertarian,
					but I have researched many views when I was deciding what was right
					for me. Feel free to ask questions. :)
					[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						So what about sex selective abortion, where a fetus is aborted solely
						because it is a girl. Wouldn't that contradict your beliefs about
						equality for women.
						[Posted by wardogninja at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							Yeah, that is a lousy reason for abortion. .
							[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								That is the point I was trying to reach. Abortions should be
								considered based on the individual situation rather than a broad
								generalization.
								[Posted by wardogninja at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									Women have the right to choose whether you like it or not. .
									[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

										Even if it means persecuting other women? .
										[Posted by wardogninja at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

											Your argument is not valid. Women have the right to choose. Get over
											it.
											[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

												I was just asking you a good queston. Both sides have a valid point
												for protecting women's rights. The right to choose vs the right to
												avoid persecution based solely on there gender.
												[Posted by wardogninja at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

													their .
													[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

													And yet women still have the right to choose what to do regarding
													their pregnancy.
													[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

														I never made a statement one way or then other. I just asked a
														queston. Dispite your attempts to reword your answer you responded
														more or less that one women's right to choose to abort is greater than
														another's right to live.
														[Posted by wardogninja at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

														What about the father? Does he get a choice too? Or does he not get
														one just because he's a man and doesn't 'know the pain of childbirth,
														pregnancy, etc'. I mean, it's not like the woman just WILLED the baby
														into existence, right?
														[Posted by lupusFati at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

															Forced pregnancy is no better than rape. The person carrying the
															fetus has the right to choose, and no one else.
															[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

She's probably just mad that she isn't always right. She has to have
her own way in any argument and makes invalid assumptions of people
based on preconceived ideas she has in her mind about someone. I know
because in the debate of "should child pornography be decriminalized"
she came to say I was evil, anti-Semitic, a child molester sympathizer
and a few other things. When in reality I merely stated my views on
imagined works vs. works of reality because in those debates the
distinction between the two was seriously lacking. She couldn't handle
the truth about orthodox-jewish rabbi's who torture newborn babies by
cutting off the foreskin with no numbing agents then proceed to suck
the penis of the newborn to draw blood. Blamed me for hate speech and
lieing and then wanted me to leave her alone even though there is
evidence of babies dieing and contracting herpies out there and easy
to find online. saying "If I don't leave her alone I will be sorry."
meanwhile she came to bash me and destroy my reputation then proceed
to say im guilty of slander because I told her what the real ritual of
jewish circumcision meanwhile she was calling me evil, anti-Semitic,
ect. I would say not to let her bother you. She is an idealistic type
of person anyway. Also I believe that her treatment of you was just
the result of her losing to me and her anger and frustrations were
taken out on someone who she believed to be weak. simply to make
herself feel better. more simply a control freak.
[Posted by link6065 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	You are wrong. Liberatrians are prochoice, progay, and not all Jewish
	Rabbis do those things, you child rape sympathizer.
	[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		lol see what I mean, she clearly discredits me when I am referring to
		ORTHODOX-JEWISH RABBI'S. And I'm sorry to have to define what
		prochoice actually means. Being prochoice means you are advocating the
		right to be able to choose. Therefore, while he may not totally agree
		with gay marriage he isn't infringing on the core belief.
		[Posted by link6065 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			I actually agree re the prochoice thing. I am always saying that
			prochoice is not proabortion. Thank you for clarifying the Jewish
			thing. My apologies.
			[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Just to let you know, you have me blocked so I couldn't answer your
		question. The answer is yes.
		[Posted by Libertarian1 at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			I am unblocking you now, and thank you. :)
			[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I'm libertarian because I believe that the governments only role is
to defend our borders and mediate between the states but not rule
them. I also don't think we need a federal income tax property tax
pays for everything people need, the Feds don't need that kind of
funding because they aren't supposed to have law enforcement or a
military because the constitution doesn't say they can and as the 10th
amendment states any powers not specifically given to the federal
government by this document shall be relegated to the states. The
federal government should have to get its army from by the states
giving them theirs (national guards) and states have law enforcement
FBI not needed. And I see no reason why weed should be illegal its not
harmful.
[Posted by warrior at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Well if you were to regard youself as a libertarian you may want to
	close in your views on taxation. Many libertarians believe taxation is
	robbery.
	[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		As do I property tax I'm okay with because it helps the tax payers
		directly. but federal income tax is useless and robbery the
		constitution doesn't even give the government the power to have the
		things they support with our taxes anyway.
		[Posted by warrior at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Understandable. This does make you a slight libertarian. Although
			other libertarians believe taxation on private property is robbery as
			well.
			[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				There are different perspectives yeah I would like to keep more of my
				own money but governments need taxes to carry out their roles and the
				appropriate amount of government is needed.
				[Posted by warrior at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

I once had someone try to troll me by saying that because I wasn't a
liberal, then there was absolutely no way that I could be gay. Because
to be gay you have to be liberal. So yeah. Same mindset here. Except
they probably aren't trolling you.
[Posted by lupusFati at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

Real libertarians are prochoice and oppose government interference in
marriage. You don't know shit.
[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Like I said I'm a little more conservative in some areas. but the
	Republican Party is just as bad as the democrats and the libertarian
	party is the only one big enough to challenge them (maybe not now but
	they are getting their) so they are our only hope that's why I support
	them.
	[Posted by warrior at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	"The critical difference between libertarians and other people is
	their view of the role of the state, the government." - Murray
	Rothbard
	[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Yeah. The role of the state and government in legislating ones
		theology. Abortion and gay marriage being theological arguments. A
		libertarian who believes a state has the right to legislate concerning
		abortion and gay marriage then necessarily not only supports
		government's right to tell people what to do, they support
		government's right to tell people who may or may not be religious that
		they must act as religion dictates.
		[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			The state and government? I am refrering to the state as a whole. A
			libertarian regards the state as the supreme, the eternal, the best
			organized aggressor against the persons and property of the mass of
			the public. A libertarian who believes a state has the right to
			legislate concerning abortion and gay marriage then necessarily not
			only supports government's right to tell people what to do,they
			support government's right to tell people who may or may not be
			religious that they must act as religion dictates. These opinions vary
			between libertarian to libertarian. Which I never mentioned in my
			argument.
			[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				The state and government? I am refrering to the state as a whole. A
				libertarian regards the state as the supreme, the eternal, the best
				organized aggressor against the persons and property of the mass of
				the public. That's cartoonish, and ridiculous. Governments have made
				many things possible and many things better. These opinions vary
				between libertarian to libertarian. Which I never mentioned in my
				argument. Ah, so it's not always an evil aggressor with a handlebar
				mustachio tying damsels to railroad tracks. If libertarians think
				someone should be forced to do or believe something then government is
				okay. It's only when a libertarian doesn't want to do something that
				it's evil. That's not nearly as childish and odd as I've always
				thought the libertarian world view was ._.
				[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					For centuries, the State (or more strictly, individuals acting in
					their roles as “members of the government”) has cloaked its criminal
					activity in high-sounding rhetoric. For centuries the State has
					committed mass murder and called it “war”; then ennobled the mass
					slaughter that “war” involves. For centuries the State has enslaved
					people into its armed battalions and called it “conscription” in the
					“national service.” For centuries the State has robbed people at
					bayonet point and called it “taxation.” This is your government. The
					simple formation of a state automatically forms two distinctive
					classes. The ones who carry the burden of taxation and the ones who
					recieve the money from those who were affected by taxation. The
					government only responds to the mass of the public when the populace
					discovers a problem. The multitude of ideas is then reduced to
					typically two major conflicting ideas split between the parties of the
					state. These ideas are presented to the public and they must decide on
					the ideas formed by the state which still benefits the state and not
					the population as a whole. Ah, so it's not always an evil aggressor
					with a handlebar mustachio tying damsels to railroad tracks.
					If libertarians think someone should be forced to do or believe
					something then government is okay. It's only when a libertarian
					doesn't want to do something that it's evil.That's not nearly as
					childish and odd as I've always thought the libertarian world view was
					._. This is far irrelevant to my initial argument and you seem to be
					using this as a ploy. These statements you are presenting are no where
					near the nature of my initial response in this debate.
					[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						For centuries, the State (or more strictly, individuals acting in
						their roles as “members of the government”) has cloaked its criminal
						activity in high-sounding rhetoric. Well sure. And centuries before
						that monarchs did, before that tribal leaders, before that clan
						chiefs, before that we just hit each other over the heads with clubs
						and didn't bother with rhetoric. But is there more corruption when
						more people have a say in how and what force is used, and who's will
						this force is meant to carry out? Clearly humans are better off today,
						at least those in states where people have a say in who leads them,
						then in the past. I find most libertarians are really really good at
						complaining about how horrid the world is, but when one truly looks at
						the effects their theories would have as a whole on society if carried
						to their conclusion, is backwards. It's trading slow improvement of
						societies as a whole because they are sad it's slow, for a giant step
						backwards where only those with power and money have any influence.
						For centuries the State has committed mass murder and called it “war”;
						then ennobled the mass slaughter that “war” involves. For centuries
						the State has enslaved people into its armed battalions and called it
						“conscription” in the “national service.” For centuries the State has
						robbed people at bayonet point and called it “taxation.” You have a
						say in all of these things though, is the point. Without government
						you would not. These things would still happen. Someone would still
						take your money, and probably more of it and you'd not get benefit
						like schools and roads from it, there would be war, and probably more
						of it, the difference is you have a say. Sometimes you get what you
						want, sometimes you don't, but the point is that today the majority of
						people get most of what they want most of the time. It has not been
						this way through most of human history, and will cease to be this way
						if people give up their source of power, which is government in a
						democratic society. This is your government. Well, our government.
						Ours. We share it... wait, am I interrupting some kind of speech?
						Wait, did you? Hold on... Ah shit. You did just copy and paste someone
						else's words without citation. http://f4fs.org/ murray-rothbard-on-
						the-state-as- aggressor/ You complain against control, and your
						freedom, and blah blah blah, but you won't even use the freedom you
						have to come up with your own argument. So I guess I'll argue with
						Murray Rothbard, which I'll do happily. I find him to be a whiny
						douche with no concept of human behavior. The simple formation of a
						state automatically forms two distinctive classes. This is incorrect.
						Human nature automatically forms classes, several of them in between
						those with, those without and based on ability. Government does not
						inherently do this but it does tend to reflect our nature. The
						difference is that government can when done correctly, give more power
						and more opportunity to those who otherwise would have none. The ones
						who carry the burden of taxation and the ones who recieve the money
						from those who were affected by taxation. And in his whiny way what
						Rothbard fails to realize is that 1. everyone pays taxes. 2. everyone
						who pays taxes actually gets more back for their money than they
						invest. Roads, schools, a military to protect us, no billionaire in
						the world is able to afford all of this all by themselves, much less
						the people Rothbard is trying to inflame with is "rhetoric." Rothbard
						may take issue with how some is spent, he can say some should be spent
						more efficiently, everyone agrees with that, but the idea that he or
						we are getting nothing for this, or that we are paying more than we
						are getting out, is not correct. The government only responds to the
						mass of the public when the populace discovers a problem. The
						multitude of ideas is then reduced to typically two major conflicting
						ideas split between the parties of the state. These ideas are
						presented to the public and they must decide on the ideas formed by
						the state which still benefits the state and not the population as a
						whole. I do agree with this to an extent. We simplify problems and too
						often present problems as "either/or," But Rothbard is not the first
						to notice nor are libertarians even more likely to complain about
						this. If anything looking at the nuance of problems and multiple
						solutions is the realm of the progressive branch of liberalism, not
						libertarians, and certainly not the conservatives most libertarian
						leaders are a front for. This is far irrelevant to my initial argument
						and you seem to be using this as a ploy. These statements you are
						presenting are no where near the nature of my initial response in this
						debate. Your original statements or Rothbards? Was that first argument
						yours? Are we back to your thoughts now? It is. As above Rothbard
						complains that "there's only two solutions and things are more
						complex" more or less, or that there are multiple solutions. Granted
						he offers no solutions but whatever. You painted a very complex thing,
						a democratic government, into a very simple thing, a cartoon villain.
						You are guilty of the very thing the guy you are quoting is
						complaining about. I point this out with a colorful description
						involving mustachios and damsels tied to railroad tracks, sure, but it
						was relevant none the less.
						[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							Well yeah. I was simply stating what the man says and by his
							achievements I would assume he understands more about the state than
							you do. I just simply used his argument to show you what your
							government is like. So yes I came up with my own argument. You however
							understand little to nothing about the nature of libertaians and their
							view of the state. Also government does make two classes but your
							attempt to cut my argument into pieces lacks ethos. You surely didnt
							want to post the rest of it. Also everything else besides murrays
							words which were just about the centuries came from my mouth so center
							your mind back to the discussion. Everything I said is true. That is
							your government.
							[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								You've not made an argument or rebutted any of my statements. This is
								by definition rhetoric. Do you care to debate or do you give up?
								[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									My debate or actually my response was given. You must not understand
									libertarian ideology. The state forms two classes of people. Tax
									payers and recievers. These recievers, usually mass corporations or
									government officials are not held by all the rules of taxation. This
									should be common logic for you.
									[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

										You must not understand libertarian ideology. The state forms two
										classes of people. Despite pyg's insistence to the contrary, I do
										understand this theory very well. I understand it so well I know it to
										be incorrect. Again, humans naturally create a number of classes and
										governments as a necessary extension of humanity reflect this to a
										degree. But government potentially also offers the only means to power
										for those who are not born powerful. It is the only tool to allow
										people to "be free" as you libertarians love to say. Without this
										power dispersed more evenly, humans naturally form classes and
										consolidate power for the few. Libertarian ideology is not freedom, it
										is taking away that hard-won power from the people, and putting it
										back in the hands of the few.
										[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

											Oh yes. Let me apply your brilliance to America. How many parties
											does America have? A lot. How many actually have won presidency?
											Generally 2. The governmemt does too much. Hard won? The state is
											composed of elites. They make America run the way they want it to.
											[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

											"Libertarian ideology is not freedom, it is taking away that hard-won
											power from the people, and putting it back in the hands of the few."
											You are confusing libertarianism with conservatism.
											[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

												No, I'm talking about the inevitable result of libertarian theories
												of role of government. If a business for example makes the calculation
												that 1% of people who take this drug will definitely die from it, but
												the other 99% will pay X amount which is more than they would make if
												that 1% lived to buy more. The libertarian ideology says, "oh no, that
												could never happen because people will just not buy it." Or the real
												anti-government ones say really dumb stuff like, "yeah! they do that
												because government made them! They'd be magically more moral if only
												government weren't there." I am saying this premise is incorrect. Not
												only will that company go through with selling that drug, this and
												similar things will happen in every part of society. In the
												libertarian world that company is rewarded for killing that 1%, and
												they will become more powerful. The good business that on their own
												makes the decision to not sell that drug will have less money. They
												will eventually be swallowed by those that are greedier. This is the
												necessary result on a large scale, and it would happen everywhere on a
												smaller scale to of course. Amidst all of the shifting libertarians do
												between what is and is not libertarian, when they do or do not want
												government, The constant is don't spend any taxes (since there are
												none or next to none) "interfering" with business. That this fact
												falls in line with a lot of current conservative thinking in no way
												diminishes this. Do you think that Exxon would have cleaned up the
												gulf if government did not make them? Do you think people would stop
												buying oil in protest to that disaster, until they did clean it up?
												Explain to me, if people cannot collectively decide what is and is not
												acceptable for a business, when a business needs to stop doing
												something, when a business can or cannot stor combustible fertilizer
												in unsafe conditions, etc who can? If you have money and power, who
												can stop you from doing whatever you want? Vigilantes? Well that
												business can hire 10 thugs for ever vigilante that wants justice. What
												power do people have over business that does bad things and then
												covers up, or lies about it, or has a monopoly so you can't go
												elsewhere? When you realize that today, power is no longer how big and
												strong you are or how many followers you have or how big a clan you
												are from, that power is money, then you realize that democracy is that
												group of villagers protesting with pitchfork in hand a tyrant lord or
												duke. Libertarians think that government is that lord or duke. They
												are wrong. That was government and is in dictatorships and monarchies,
												but in a democracy, this government is the people.
												[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

													Libertarians are minarchists meaning the support only a minimal
													amount of government, sir.
													[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		Davidh is under the assumption that Libertarians are Paleo-
		Conservatives. He does not understand, and never will, that
		Libertarians believe that GOVERNMENT LEGISLATION AGAINST PERSONAL
		AUTONOMY is what we're pissed off at. The whole State's rights thing
		is just an easier way to keep the Federal government from being too
		powerful.
		[Posted by ThePyg at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Maybe you're pissed off about Government legislation against personal
			autonomy, but libertarians aren't. Libertarians love it from what I've
			seen. Any time one of them gets the least bit of power they
			immediately begin casting votes against personal autonomy all over the
			place. Where are these libertarians who think like you?
			[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				Maybe you're pissed off about Government legislation against personal
				autonomy, but libertarians aren't By definition they would be. Where
				are these libertarians who think like you? GuitarDog PrayerFails
				ChadOnSunday Murray Rothbard Milton Friedman FA Hayek Lew Rockwell The
				entire staff of Reason Magazine John Stossel Thomas Sowell Frederick
				Dougless Walter E. Williams Adam Smith Thomas Hobbes John Locke George
				Orwell (Opposition to Statism and Hierarchies, and even how Altruistic
				Socialist communities are ONLY possible with elimination of government
				is far more consistent with my specific ideology) Ron Swanson Trey
				Parker and Matt Stone (creators of South Park) Penn and Teller Clint
				Eastwood Doug Stanhope Gary Johnson Matt Bellamy My best friend from
				High School But I suppose the Libertarians you were thinking of was
				the Tea Party... right, they're just Conservatives whom think its
				trendy. Bill Maher represented the Liberals who once thought it was
				trendy a decade ago. However, Liberals and Conservatives fail to prove
				to be Libertarians when they support legislation that regulates what
				we do with our own lives and property. It's one thing to have SOME
				views that lean towards Authoritarianism, but to have the amount of
				desire for Big government as Liberals and Conservatives do is far from
				the Libertarian mindset.
				[Posted by ThePyg at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					By definition, libertarians pick and choose when they want government
					just like every party, they are just more hypocritical in their
					criticism of others when they do the same thing. Case in point: It's
					one thing to have SOME views that lean towards Authoritarianism, but
					to have the amount of desire for Big government as Liberals and
					Conservatives do is far from the Libertarian mindset. Cute list
					though.
					[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						libertarians pick and choose when they want government just like
						every party You really must explain more. You do realize that there
						are definitions of ideologies that would help point out who is a
						libertarian and who is not, yes? For example, someone who believes in
						an emphasis on Constitution and States' rights would be a Paleo-
						Conservative. The Libertarian leaning faction of the Republican Party
						(Ron Paul). However, the list I made was an example as to the people
						who are dead center within the Libertarian ideology. Some are complete
						Anarchists, others believe in policing against murder, rape, and
						thievery. But I'm glad that your rhetoric personifies your
						insecurities in your own argument. You asked for examples, I gave you
						a list. Not happy with it? How unfortunate. Please rebuttal instead of
						acting like a child, though. Truly, are you not interested in the view
						points of others? Do you not wish to know how these ideologies work?
						How bored could you be to not have such a passion for debate yet try
						and debate anyway? A step forward in your analysis, though. You are
						quite a great representation of the American Democrat.
						[Posted by ThePyg at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							For example, someone who believes in an emphasis on Constitution and
							States' rights would be a Paleo-Conservative. The Libertarian leaning
							faction of the Republican Party (Ron Paul). I believe in an emphasis
							on the Constitution and State's rights too. This means nothing and
							libertarians insistence that they have a monopoly on these things is
							insulting. However, the list I made was an example as to the people
							who are dead center within the Libertarian ideology. 1. This is a
							country of over 300,000,000. You could have a list 1,000 times that
							length and my comment would still be valid. 2. I don't think your list
							is entirely accurate. Hardly fair claiming dead people would agree
							with the libertarian philosophies you claim to be central. Some are
							complete Anarchists, others believe in policing against murder, rape,
							and thievery. I don't think a complete anarchist would necessarily
							agree to be categorized within this group either. But I'm glad that
							your rhetoric personifies your insecurities in your own argument. You
							asked for examples, I gave you a list. Not happy with it? How
							unfortunate. Please rebuttal instead of acting like a child, though.
							That's a bit harsh. It seemed the perfect time to act childish since
							the argument replied to seemed so simple. I'm very secure in my
							arguments. Libertarians in power are just as guilty of the "force"
							they claim they are against, the only difference is where this is
							applied. You can't force an employer to provide safe working
							conditions, you can force an individual to carry a baby to term. You
							can't force a business to not discriminate, but you can bar
							individuals from occupying those businesses. Then should one
							"libertarian" disagree with some thing another libertarian claims to
							be central to their belief, swiftly change the subject to the debt or
							taxes or whatever. Claiming that those libertarians which have
							achieved some form of power fit your description of what you believe
							libertarians to be, is lunacy, because no two follow a platform of any
							sort that can be nailed down beyond generic descriptions that could
							apply to anyone "we believe in the constitution, we believe in states
							rights." Claiming libertarians are any more interested in individual
							freedom than any other popular political philosophy utter rubbish.
							They are concerned with freedom for those with power from what I see,
							and I've never seen a single issue in which the result of a
							libertarian philosophy is not more power for the few and less for the
							masses, more money for the few less for the masses, more freedom for
							the few and less for the masses. Always under the guise of individual
							freedom. Everyone else is "free" sure, as in free to fend for
							themselves. As for providing a rebuttal, rebuttal to what? A list? I
							did. My original point? You've made no counter argument, just the
							"rhetoric" you accuse me of. Truly, are you not interested in the view
							points of others? Do you not wish to know how these ideologies work?
							How bored could you be to not have such a passion for debate yet try
							and debate anyway? I'm very interested in the view points of others,
							and you'll notice the spectrum of subjects I debate is much wider than
							yours. I debate just about everything, from different angles, often
							multiple people at the same time. I'll enter a debate where I am the
							only opposing view against 3, 4, 5 hardcore idealogues who absolutely
							despise my opinion and not blink. You seem to only have a single issue
							on the other hand, and you seem to only bother to defend that issue,
							predictably, never ever veering from that. If you ever do have a
							complaint about any labeled (or that you've labeled) libertarian, you
							conveniently ignore it for the "greater good" of defending this catch-
							all of a philosophy. I don't do this. I argue with liberals,
							conservatives, atheists, theists, gamers, rap fans, rock fans, you
							name it. If I am bored, then you are boring. A step forward in your
							analysis, though. You are quite a great representation of the American
							Democrat. I am. And my arguments, include reasoning, possible
							solutions to problems, and I look at multiple sides of the issues. I
							do not sit back and complain whilst refusing to define my own stance
							or offer any specific ideas of my own for fear of argument. To be fair
							however American Progressive Liberal would be the more accurate label.
							[Posted by iamdavidh at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								I believe in an emphasis on the Constitution and State's rights too.
								This means nothing and libertarians insistence that they have a
								monopoly on these things is insulting. Completely ignoring what I
								say... Paleo-Conservatives, not Libertarians. They just happen to be
								Libertarian leaning Conservatives, but they're main concern is the
								Constitution. Since the Constitution preserves liberty, many
								Libertarians support it. Many Conservatives who have also flocked to
								defending the merits of the Constitution identify with Libertarians,
								but an emphasis of States' rights OVER individual rights is the
								problem. You could have a list 1,000 times that length and my comment
								would still be valid. At this point it's more that you just wouldn't
								get it... Hardly fair claiming dead people would agree with the
								libertarian philosophies you claim to be central. Promotion of
								individual liberty and little government involvement? I'm curious who
								I mentioned that you find disputable. I don't think a complete
								anarchist would necessarily agree to be categorized within this group
								either. I know the differences within Anarchist philosophy. What I'm
								saying is that some Libertarians are for complete eradication of
								government. It seemed the perfect time to act childish since the
								argument replied to seemed so simple. Or that you don't care about the
								differing views of these philosophies. You just make outrageous
								statements. Libertarians in power are just as guilty of the "force"
								they claim they are against Which ones? I would contest to them
								actually being Libertarians and not just some Liberal or Conservative
								trying to sound like he's different from the rest of the politicians.
								You can't force an employer to provide safe working conditions, you
								can force an individual to carry a baby to term. That really depends.
								The Libertarian leaning Conservatives view those babies as
								individuals. I highly disagree with them and so do many who actually
								adhere to Libertarian philosophy. However, how do you feel about
								Libertarians who are against any government force of that nature? You
								seem to just try to argue against Libertarianism within your own
								terms. But I suppose, in the end, you DO believe in government force,
								just for different things. You are basically just a Democrat... the
								big government guy who disagrees with Republicans. You can't force a
								business to not discriminate, but you can bar individuals from
								occupying those businesses. Only if those people are trespassing. Do
								you believe that you should have a right to who is allowed into your
								house? I know I know, you think a house is different from a business,
								regardless, Libertarians are against force whether you personally
								think businesses should be forced by government or not. because no two
								follow a platform of any sort that can be nailed down beyond generic
								descriptions that could apply to anyone "we believe in the
								constitution, we believe in states rights." Except that isn't it at
								all and you haven't been paying any attention to anything PF,
								Guitardog, or I have been saying for the past few years that we've all
								been arguing on this site. Claiming libertarians are any more
								interested in individual freedom than any other popular political
								philosophy utter rubbish. Well, if you were arguing from an
								Anarchic/Marxist/Syndicalist point of view, you'd have a point. They
								also support individual freedom and major lack of government. They
								just have different philosophies. Rand Objectivists also disagree with
								Libertarians but also are for very small government. These
								philosophies inter-lap like any philosophies. However, we all highly
								disagree with you Democrats and Republicans who support the State as
								is and believe in granting this extreme amount of power to
								politicians. I'm very interested in the view points of others, and
								you'll notice the spectrum of subjects I debate is much wider than
								yours. Oh please, I suppose you're going to claim that you answer most
								to all of my disputes when this is one of the few times you actually
								respond to me. I'll enter a debate where I am the only opposing view
								against 3, 4, 5 hardcore idealogues who absolutely despise my opinion
								and not blink. Why would you blink? You seem to only have a single
								issue on the other hand, and you seem to only bother to defend that
								issue Yes... after the many years I've been here you really have not
								retained any of my arguments at all... Or you're trying to troll. Not
								sure. If you ever do have a complaint about any labeled (or that
								you've labeled) libertarian, you conveniently ignore it for the
								"greater good" of defending this catch-all of a philosophy. Back when
								Ron Paul was a big deal I've labeled my reasons for disagreeing with
								him. I've argued with PrayerFails over the validity of Murray
								Rothbard's arguments. In the end, I agree with much of what he says,
								but I like to point out any possible flaw I can be find. I'm actually
								quite thorough. But I suppose you're either trolling or just don't
								really care about what I've said over the years. I argue with
								liberals, conservatives, atheists, theists, gamers, rap fans, rock
								fans, you name it. So have I. To be fair however American Progressive
								Liberal would be the more accurate label. I suppose because you are
								against the Wars on Terror while the Democrats aren't.
								[Posted by ThePyg at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			I agree that that is what libertarianism truly is. .
			[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	And not all libertarians are prochoice some oppose it for religious
	or moral reasons like me. People are individuals you really shouldn't
	generalize.
	[Posted by warrior at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		You are wrong. True libertarians are prochoice. .
		[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			Actually that varies from libertarian to libertarian. A "true"
			libertarian is judged by his/hers view of the state.
			[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				True libertarians support freedom. Deal with it. .
				[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					The thing is I am a libertarian and that critical position you take
					that defines you as a libertarian is your view of the role of the
					state. Republicans or Democrats do not have to believe everything that
					your typical democrat or republican would. Values such as abortion or
					your view on immigration vary from person to person.
					[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Yeah that makes sense. I see what you are saying .
						[Posted by AbbyNestor at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						True libertarians oppose the government dictating what people can and
						cannot do in their personal lives.
						[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							Mostly economic availabilty. Views on other topics vary. Gun laws are
							next in line. And they can vary. The economy is our concern.
							[Posted by RoamingRhodi at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					I support the freedom and right every one has to Live so I very pro
					freedom :)
					[Posted by warrior at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	Real libertarians are neither prochoice nor prolife. There is no hard
	and fast rule for what a libertarian is to believe in regards to
	abortion, with some taking the former under the pretenses of a woman's
	right to do what she will with her body, while others think that it
	falls under the same heading as murder, and therefore should be
	illegal.
	[Posted by Arlington at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

	No True Scotsman fallacy.
	[Posted by riahlize at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

		You are wrong. I am telling the truth. True libertarians support a
		woman's right to choose and a gay's right to get married.
		[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

			You committed the No True Scotsman fallacy. This is all I said. I did
			not measure the truth of your claim, just responded to the [similar]
			phrase of "Only true libertarians believe/support" as it was a
			fallacy.
			[Posted by riahlize at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

				You are wrong. My argument was not a fallacy. Go troll elsewhere. .
				[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

					Yes it is a fallacy, called the No True Scotsman fallacy as I've
					stated before. You asserted that "only true libertarians" _______.
					That is all that is needed to commit this fallacy. The only except to
					the fallacy is when it comes into conflict with the definition, for
					instance: No pure gold would have plastic. This defeats the definition
					of gold if true, thus is an exception to the fallacy; because it's
					demonstrable fact.
					[Posted by riahlize at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

						Message me, and when I get back from dance class, I will prove my
						case. Muah. :)
						[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

							No thanks. If you'd like to respond, you can do it right here after
							you're no longer away.
							[Posted by riahlize at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

								Nope. I do not take orders from anyone but Yeshua. You do not get to
								tell me what to do.
								[Posted by Sitara at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

									I didn't order you. I simply declined your order and offered you the
									ability to have a conversation here.
									[Posted by riahlize at Not Available - Side: Not Available]

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
